You fall onto a stack of hay as you feel you body finally give out from your hard work. It’s simple work to sort apples, but it doesn't mean it’s any less difficult. You find yourself just as exhausted as Applejack at the end of the day. Speaking of Applejack, she hired you when you arrived into Equestria, seeing as your hands were unique and delicate enough for handling apples. Let’s just say that hooves weren’t made to sort apples and you bruise and crush less apples, getting them ready for sale on the market and because of your quality control their business has picked up. She pays well enough and even lets you stay in her barn for free. Seeing as you had no other place to go at the time that was a good enough reason for you to take her up on the offer. Your days are largely the same. You get up, you wait for Applejack to bring you apples and then you sort them into the right barrels. You join in with their family for dinner and then you head on back to the barn to sleep, then you repeat the same thing the next day. You’ve never really cared to try much else. It’s a simple life for you, but something you’ve come to welcome with open arms. Seeing as your arrival was anything but simple.But you don’t have time to waste on trivial thoughts! You are too tired to think of how you got here. It’s already been many years passed since you first showed up into this world and these ponies accept you now. No need to waste time thinking about something so trivial. You let out a happy sigh, it’s weird how working hard here makes you feel so fulfilled. A chuckle breaks you from those idle thoughts. You look over to the barn door.“You sure look pooped.” Applejack says with a chuckle.You sit up to properly address her. “You know me, always the hard worker.” You wipe the sweat that has collected on your brow.She gives a sincere nod. “You sure are, best pair of hands we got here on the farm!”“Applejack.” You pause for a second. “I’m the only one with hands here.” You deadpan.She chuckles some more. “Well then that makes ya more special, now don't it?”You smile at her. She’s definitely has a way with words. She takes a few steps towards you, a certain look you’ve come to accept these past few months. “Are ya gonna head into town today? Maybe find a pretty marefriend?” She flutters her eyes at you in a jokingly manner. This is her sister like way of playing with you, always trying to set up dates with mares from around town for you. You look to the floor with a sigh. “Applejack, you know how awkward I am.” It’s true, you aren’t that great at dealing with mares. “Every time I try to smooth talk a mare it just ends up being weird, for both the mare and myself!” She shakes her head. “I’ve already got enough problems with getting Big Mac outside and socializing. Don't go and be the same way.” She says with concern.“I’m sorry Applejack, it's just, I can't help that I get nervous.” You admit.“You need to get some fresh air sometimes.Can't be having you all cooped up in this old barn. I know you like the simple things, but everypony needs some time outdoors. Even I go out with the girls every once in awhile.” You nod your head thoughtfully, you know she is just trying to help you out. She is right, being locked away from the ponies doesn't really help anyone.“Well, Applebloom invited me to help rebuild her clubhouse. I know it isn't much but it’s something.” You remind Applejack hoping she will ease up.She shakes her head with a smile. “You and those fillies are inseparable. I swear you interact with them better than ponies your own age.”You shrug. “Well, they were the only ponies to talk to me when I first got here.” You state matter of factly. Though it's been awhile, Applejack gets a look of shame on her face. You continue. “It’s no problem, water under the bridge. She did ask me for help and you know how she gets when someone breaks a promise.” You say honestly.“Alright, alright. I’ll let you help out with their little clubhouse, but I want you to promise me that you will keep an eye on them. Those fillies seem to get into all kinds of trouble when left alone for too long.” Applejack says with a sigh.You chuckle a little knowing all too well what she meant, seeing as you were dumb enough to join the three in some “crusading”, as they called it. It left you with many cuts and bruises, as well as more than a few choice words from half of the town. You can accurately assume that the attempts at getting “Firefighter” cutie marks wasn’t appreciated by the townsfolk, or Mayor Mare after town hall accidently got caught in the flash fire. After some time spent fixing everything up, all was forgiven, but never forgotten.“I swear it’s just some fixing, no crusading.” You say holding up your right hand as you have seen in many courtroom based TV shows from your past. Applejack soon learned that this gesture basically means you promise that what you’re saying is truthful. She gives a nod. “Alrighty then.” She turns to leave but just before she looks back to you. “You should probably try and catch some z’s. I have a feeling those fillies are gonna wear you out.” She says with a chuckle.You can't help but chuckle back, she is probably right. “See ya, Applejack.” You give her a wave as she walks out.You mull over what Applejack said. You guess she’s right, a little nap will do yourself wonders for what is to come. You walk deep into the orchard to find the secluded clubhouse with your toolbox in hand. You have been out here many times before, but it still puzzles you as to why it’s so far away. Then again, it is suppose to be a secret clubhouse. You continue on your way as the telltale signs of the clubhouse makes itself apparent. When you first laid eye on it, you were surprised to hear that Applebloom fixed it all on her own. You have a very strong feeling that it could possibly be her special talent, but it is known that a pony needs to do some self-reflection and find the answer on their own. You weren't about to take that away from her or the other two, seeing as it's pretty obvious that they excel at certain things.Anyways, you break the tree line and soon come to the small ramp leading to the house. Now that you take a good look at the clubhouse, you can't really find anything wrong with it. Seems to be as immaculate as it ever was.“Hello?!” You call out, hoping the girls weren't too busy to hear you.Soon a head pops out. The little red bow is a dead give away. “You’re early!” Applebloom calls down to you You shrug. “You know me. I would rather be early than late.” You say with a smile.“Well, uh, it's just..” She looks back inside before she looks back to you. “Everything is still not setup yet. C-can you come back in a few minutes?” She asks hesitantly.“Uh, sure, I guess?” You don't know why you would need to come back, but it’s better to let it be. “I will just, walk around a little.” You say taking your leave. You hear her sigh of relief as you walk off into the distance, you don’t think too much on it. It takes time to circle the farm and back, definitely enough time for Applebloom to have finished whatever she was up too. Soon you take a few steps towards the clubhouse and find Applebloom standing on the little balcony waiting for you.“Just in time!” She says with a wide smile. She waves you up. “Come on up!”You do exactly as she says, setting your toolbox down and taking a few step onto the ramp. This entire structure is very sturdy, you’re surprised that it’s able to take your weight. You take each step up until you were at the small entrance. You just sit outside for a while, unsure if you should enter or not. That’s when you take notice of a window opening, Applebloom sticking her head out.“Well come on in!” She urges.It’s a bit of a squeeze, but you managed to get through the door. Once you enter, you take in the noticeable decor change. The entire clubhouse is decked out in a real fancy restaurant type look. A single table sits in the center of the room with a single candle lit. There’s even music that gives a smooth and tame atmosphere to the entire place.“What's going on here? Are you girls going to try getting your cutie marks in waitressing?” You ask looking around the clubhouse. She seems to perk up a bit as she dashes over to a desk and pulls out a book. There she takes a pencil into her mouth as she scribbles something down. Once she is done she puts the book back and then returns to her position in front of you. “No silly. I overheard Applejack talkin’ about how ya get nervous around mares. So I thought maybe we could practice!” She says with noticeable glee.“Practice what?” You ask confused.“Having a date!”You suddenly feel your heart skip a beat at that moment. The idea of a date with another mare was just something that never sat right with you, even if that mare was just a good family friend and a filly.“That’s really sweet of you, Applebloom, but I think I am fine. I’m not interested in mares right now, with work and everything. I mean, I just don't have enough time for something like that.” You try to convince her.“B-but I made food..” She says dejectedly. She looks towards some plates of food resting on a table in the back. You have to admit that even though she is a filly, the Apples sure know how to cook. Even Applebloom seemed to have a knack for it.“Well, I wouldn't want food to go to waste.” You say trying to lift her spirits.She immediately smiles as she quickly gets everything set onto the table. You scooch over to the table, making sure not to hit your head on the ceiling. Once everything is setup the filly takes her seat on the opposite end of you. You both smile awkwardly at each other, you then slowly start to eat. Every once in awhile you will look at each other then turn away. I guess she was right. This feels like a real date, awkwardness and everything. You think to yourself as you try to contemplate why you are in this situation. The answer never comes to mind.“S-so how was work?” Applebloom breaks the silence.“It was fine. You know how fast Applejack is. I constantly have to be on my toes.” You reply. The silence comes back, so you try to steer the conversation. “How’s school been?”“It’s been alright. Ms.Cheerilee’s been giving us a lot more homework lately.” She says as she pokes at her apple fritter.“Yeah, I didn't like school when I was younger either, but in time you will understand why it’s important.” “How’s school like where you’re from?” She asks.“Pretty much the same, just bigger schools. Imagine having over a thousand kids in one school, and more than thirty in your classroom.” Her eyes widen at this. You can't help but chuckle a little.“Wouldn't that be crowded?”“At times, yes, though everyone made do. Remember that there are a lot more humans in my world than there are ponies in yours.” You remind her. “So sometimes we just have to deal with a lot of people.”Silence falls to you again.“Did you have a special human mare back home?” She asks.You are taken a little by surprise by her off the wall question but quickly recover. “No.”“Have you ever kissed somepony before?” She asks.Again you feel like this is starting to get inappropriate, but you still answer. “No.”She shifts a little uncomfortably. “I-I’ve never kissed a pony before.” She then looks up to you, obviously extremely nervous. “W-Would you like to try?” She asks with a blush covering her face.You feel the fork in your hand leave as it falls onto the table. Your mouth hung open in shock as to what she just asked. Half of your mind is rapidly firing questions at you, while the other half it yelling directions. It’s all starting to collapse upon you.You gulp down a lump in your throat. “Y-yeah.” You felt leave your mouth.Why the hell did I say that?! You shout internally to yourself.You find that Applebloom is leaning towards you as her eyes fall closed, her little lips puckered up in a display of juvenile understanding. You feel your body moving on its own as you lean forwards as well, allowing your lips to touch. She’s incredibly soft and smells just like flowers that bloom before apples appear. You let your eyes close as well when you feel her against your lips. It doesn't last long as you two pull away slowly. She opens her eyes with a small smile and cheeks that are on fire. You aren't faring much better as you idly scratch your head nervously, trying to avoid eye contact. “W-Was it good?” You ask.“Yeah.” You both look to your plates and find that they are empty. “I guess I should be going.” You say trying to understand what happened.“S-sure... This was, fun.” “Yeah, it was.” Nothing else is said between the two of you as you leave the clubhouse. The sun is starting to set and you are beyond tired. As soon as you get to the barn you fell onto your hay pile. All you could do is look to the ceiling and question what you had done. It was stupid and above all inappropriate! You just hope that this all can be put behind you.It’s been several days since you have seen Applebloom, mostly because you have been locking yourself away in the barn. Even going so far as to no longer entering their house to eat dinner. Since none of the Apple family hasn't come to throttle your neck yet, you can only assume Applebloom has kept what you two did as a secret. You weren't sure if you were grateful about that, seeing as what you did was wrong.Over the past few days Applejack had continued to try and get you to talk about what was bothering you so much, but you knew that telling her the truth would definitely end with a good amount of bucks to the face. So you remained silent of the matter, once she realized you weren't going to budge, she left you be. However, she still was nice enough to bring your dinner to the barn.You had just finished sorting your last apple for the day. It’s time to just sit around in isolation. The sound of the barn door opening takes your attention. It’s probably Applejack about to attempt her hundredth talk on how she wants you to go outside. It was the same old same old, but you held strong in never leaving this barn again.“Why haven't you been around?” That voice, it makes your heart skip.You feel your teeth clench a little. Well played, Applejack. You think to yourself as you sit up and spot the little filly by the barn door.“I’ve just been busy.” You say trying to avoid this conversation.She looks around nervously just before she slowly walks over to you. “I didn't tell anyone.” She says quietly.You feel a chill run up your spine as her words register. Just talking about this out loud is putting you in a bad mood.“I know.” “So why are you avoiding me?” She asks with a quivering lip.“Applebloom.” You take a second to think. “What we did wasn't appropriate. I am an adult and you are a child.”She stomps her hoof to the ground. “I’m a big pony and I can make my own choices!”“You can make choices, but not when it comes to this.” You say, oddly enough, a tinge of regret filling you.“I-” She looks to the barn door. You look over to see it is closed and locked. “I want to be your special somepony.” She admits.Your mind reels back in total confusion as she springs this onto you.“Why?” You ask.“You are so nice and helpful. You deserve a pony that likes you!” She says taking a few steps closer. “I-I don't know much, b-but I can try.” She then looks deep into your eyes. “I can learn.”You feel your heart beating faster.“Applebloom, this isn't right.” You try to tell her.She gives you a sad face. “I-If you want me to go... I’ll leave.”You gulp again. Tell her to leave! Tell her to leave!“S-Stay.”What?!Slowly she inches her muzzle closer as you meet her halfway. You two lock to each other in a simple yet affectionate kiss. It seems that she takes to the idea very much, she slowly sits in your lap and allows you to hold her close. She pushes you a little more, you feel her little tongue run against your teeth. You let her in as you find the opportunity to violate her mouth with your own muscle. At first she is surprised by your actions but soon settles down as you two start to tie tongues with each other. She has a slight taste of apples as you kiss her. The thing is that all this closeness and affection is having a very profound effect in your trousers.She jumps a little in surprise as she breaks the kiss. “What was that!?” She asks in surprise.She looks down at your pants as she rocks a little back and forth. In no way is she helping the hardness that is rapidly growing from her movements. It seems she soon understands what it is as she blushes. “T-That's ur...” Her voice tapers out.“Yeah.” You say with a nod. She looks to you with a blush. “C-Can I see it?”You feel your cock twitch when she suggests that. Just the fact that it has gone this far is definitely not what you had in mind for the day, but now that it was happening, you can't fight this feeling of trying to go a little further.You gulp a little. “Sure.”She crawls off your lap and she sits in front of you waiting. You feel nervous as she curiously eyes your lower area. You decide that it’s probably too late to go to heaven anyways. So you slowly start to unbuckle your pants and promptly release your member from its cage. It smacks against your stomach from having been trapped in its denim prison for too long.Applebloom sits there in awe as she looks to this foreign appendage. This is oddly enough turning you on more as she slowly scooches forward to get a better view.“Can I touch it?” She asks out of the blue.“Alright, just, be gentle.” You warn as she gives a small nod.As she lays her hoof onto your manhood you take in a sharp breath. It isn't that her hoof is ruff, on the contrary, her hoof is so soft it’s unbearable. She flinches back a little when you do this but with a reassuring nod she goes back to touching.“I kinda like it.” She says to break the silence.She slowly starts to move her hoof up and down along your length. All you can do is grit your teeth, the pleasure starting to set in. She looks to your reaction and can tell that you like what she is doing. Soon she brings her other hoof in as she is now giving you a hoofjob. You aren't sure what is turning you on more, the contact or the fact that every time you look at her she is just starting right at your third eye with total interest.“Applebloom, if you don't slow down... I-” She doesn't let you finish as she starts to work her hooves harder and faster as if she is about to win a prize. “A-ap-ple b-bloom.” You can't talk steadily as she does this, it’s driving you crazy. “I-I'm gonna c-”It’s too late. With one final stroke from her, she causes you to explode with ecstasy. Ropes and ropes of your love coat her face before she pulls back shocked from what just happened, but that didn't slow your orgasm down as you continue to cum. It honestly feels like years have passed since you came like that. In fact, it probably has been that long.You look over to see Applebloom examining the fluids that splashed onto her. She plays with the texture some with her hooves, even smells it a little. “What is this? It’s kinda like tree sap.” She says as she continues to play with it.“I-it’s... Well, it just means you did a great job.” She smiles brightly at you as she looks to the mess you made.“It means I did well?” She asks with a smile.You give a nod. She seems to be happy by this. You decide that things have pretty much already went over the line, you might as well not leave the kid hanging.“Come over here, Applebloom.” She doesn't question as she comes over to you. You quickly take her into your grasp as you gently flip her onto her back. She is a little surprised by this but stays calm.“What are yuh doin?” “I am going to make you feel good. Do you want to feel good?” You ask making sure she is ready.“Y-yeah.” “Alright, this might feel weird but trust me.” You lean down and spot her little marehood. It’s already glistening a little in whatever light is available in the barn. It seems she is already getting turned on, even if she didn't know it. You slowly draw in breath, catching the slightest scent of her musk in the air. You smile a little as you slowly inch towards her. You give one test lick over the entirety of her young flower.“W-whoa!” She says, her hips bucking instinctively. You pause for a brief moment. “D-do that again.” She says starting to pant a little.You give her what she asked for as you run your tongue over her tiny flower, but you don't stop there. You work your tongue to spread her folds a little and dip inside her forbidden fruit. She tastes so sweet to you, even with the musk scent filling the air. Gently you push your tongue into her, her walls squirming around in excitement, even trying to pull you deeper.You work her insides, licking ever part your tongue could reach. The little squeaks and moans you drew from her only help fuel your attempts at pleasuring this filly. Soon you start to take notice of the little bucks of her hips as her tiny hooves find their way to the back of your head. She is gently pushing your head towards her as if pleading to go deeper. You pull back and run your soft muscle over her button as she arches her back and lets out a cute moan.You get back to servicing her as she starts to pick up the pace with her breathing and hip movements. You can oddly tell that she is getting close. You work her insides and play with her clit from time to time to help speed up the process.“I-I think.” She lets out a final moan, her entire body shakes a little as a gush of fluid fills your mouth. You don't stop yourself from greedily lapping as much as you could from this filly’s hole. The taste is divine, the sweetest thing you have ever had the pleasure of having upon your lips. Soon though she relaxes and removes her hooves from your head. You sit back up, looking down to the filly as she pants heavily. “How do you feel?” “W-What was that?” She asks panting as if she ran for miles.“It was an orgasm, Applebloom. Same thing that happened to me earlier.” You inform her.“It looked good, but I didn't know it would be that good.”You can't help but chuckle a little at her. You start to take notice that the sun wasn't as high as it used to be. “We should get you cleaned up and back to the house. Don't want Applejack worrying.” You say. She nods while you escort her to the back of the barn where you kept a few barrels of water, in case you needed to wash up. You help her wash so it would go by quickly and also do a quick scrub of yourself. Once you both were dry enough you walk to the barn door.“Applebloom.” You call to her. “Remember, this is our secret.” You say.She smiles at you with a nod just before trotting to the farm house. You return to the barn as you close the door and promptly lean against it in shock. You had just fooled around with a filly, and by god was it the best time you have ever had. You weren't sure where this would go and if you would get caught, but all you know is you want to see how far you can take it.A few weeks have passed since you and Applebloom started fooling around. Nothing too major happening but just the licking and kissing continued. You didn't want to pressure the little filly into something as serious as sex yet. So you played it cool and left it for her to decide when it should happen. After that first time, you slowly started to integrate yourself back into the Apple clan. Applejack was happy to see you around and obviously happier than you ever were before. You ate dinners with them and even went out with Applejack to a few bars just to make her feel better about your socializing. While you never went home with a mare in the end, she was just happy you were trying.Thankfully ponyville was none the wiser when it came to what you and Applebloom were doing, and to her word, Applebloom kept everything between you two a secret, even from the other crusaders. You are suddenly brought from thought as you hear a soft knock on the barn door. “Come in.” You say as the door opens. You see the little filly walk inside as she closes the door and locks it. You know this sign all too well on what it means. Once she turns around you notice something odd. There is a certain fire in her eyes that you haven't seen before.“I-I wanna try... more.” She says hesitantly.You and she had this talk before. When she meant more, you knew she was talking about sex.“Are you sure?” You ask making sure she is ready for something so serious.She gives a sheepish nod. “I-I am ready.”You feel excitement from this, she slowly walks up to you, swaying her hips in an attempt to be sexy. It’s working. She closes the distance and she looks up to you with half-lidded eyes. You swear this filly picks up stuff quickly. You are helpless as your hard on is about to burst from your jeans from this display.She brushes past you as she falls onto her back in the hay. “A little roll in the hay?” You say with a devilish smirk.She chuckles a little and seems to lighten up. You figured out quickly that playing around with her beforehand always helps her relax quickly. So you’re happy to make some small jokes to get things going right. You fall onto the hay pile next to her, the both of you lean towards each other, your lips meet as a battle of the tongues happens. This is something she picked up quickly, she is a natural at kissing. You want to enjoy it more, but she pulls away panting.“I-I want it now.” She pleads.You are a little concerned, seeing as you haven't even got into foreplay yet. She must be pretty dry to go straight in. As soon as you see her nethers dripping wet you immediately find any previous thoughts leaving your mind.“Alright.” You say to her.You get off the hay and drop your jeans in one swift motion. Releasing your manhood into the chilly air. It does little to deter you as you fall to your knees and gently spread her legs. You use the hay she is lying on to prop her up to an appropriate height. “Are you sure about this?” You ask one more time as you line yourself up.“Y-yes.” You feel your skin become tingly as you slowly press your member to her entrance. She gasps a little at the touch, you mirror the same reaction. The feeling of her little wet lips against your tip drives your heart up into your throat.“Just try to relax alright?” You say trying to prepare her.She gives a nod as you slowly start to bury yourself in. Each attempt is like hell as you try your hardest to just break thru. With one quick thrust, you feel your head pop in. You both gasp when this happens. You can't believe how tight and soft she is. You look down to see she is panting more. You look further down to see her dripping wet, she definitely is looking for more.You don't let her down as you continue to push into her. Every inch is a struggle as you try to find her hymen. That’s until you found yourself bottoming out, you look to her in surprise. “W-whats wrong?” She asks seeing your expression.“Well, I thought ponies had hymens?” “I broke mine during a crusader accident.” She admits.You let out a sigh of relief, at least it shouldn't be painful then. You heard that breaking a hymen is very painful, so this should be more enjoyable.“Alright, I am going to start moving now.” You inform her as she gives yet another nod.You slowly pull out of her. Clenching your teeth as you feel her walls desperately trying to keep you inside. Once you are far enough to where just your tip was inside. You gently push all the way in again. Applebloom throws her head back as she lets a moan escape. You repeat this process to get her body use to the intrusion. “Faster” She says between breaths.You wouldn't deny her anything. You slowly start picking up the pace as you pound this filly. Each thrust in causes a wet slap to echo through the barn as your two bodies meet. Each slam in causes her to moan out in pleasure as you try to drive yourself a little deeper. Her walls are trying everything they can to cling to you as you work her over. Her tightness never lets up as you find your pace, you easily can feel you aren't going to last very long. Slowly the pressure starts to build inside of you as you are nearing the peak.“I’m getting there.” You warn her.Her eyes lock with yours. “Inside.” She commands.That’s all you need to know as you lean forward and take her lips to your own. She moans in your mouth as you double your efforts. You find her button with one of your hands and press down hard on it. You can feel her scream a little in ecstasy into your mouth. You keep pounding and rubbing to give this filly something she will never forget. The pressure is building and it feels like she is getting tighter by the second. Soon you give her a few more strokes as you thrust yourself all the way in. You grunt in her mouth as you release your seed into her womb. You feel a gush of fluids slip past your cock and onto your legs as her body squirms from her own orgasm. You both break apart from your kiss as you pant. Locking eyes as you feel her insides slowly trying to milk everything you’re worth. Soon everything dies down. You pull out of her and flop onto the pile of hay next to her as you both try to catch your breaths. You feel the little filly snuggle up to you as she rests her head onto your chest. “I love you.” She says with a smile.You can't help but smile back at her. “I love you too, Applebloom.”You hear a knock coming from your front door. I wonder who that could be? You ask yourself not expecting visitors tonight. You walk over and stand in front of your door in wait. Perhaps it was just in your head? Another round of knocks pierces your thoughts on that matter. You let out a small sigh as you decide it’s best to answer whoever has come by at such a time. With a click of the lock and a tug on the handle, the door comes swinging open. What you find waiting on the other side is none other than Scootaloo. She’s giving an annoyed look towards town, her face looking rather red too. You’ve seen that annoyed look many times before, so you can already assume what it going to happen next.“My parent said that I should stay over here for a couple days. They’ve got some business out of town, again.” She says trying to contain her anger.You let out a sigh of defeat, it’s exactly as you predicted. This is a common occurrence. “Come on in.” You relent as she rolls into your home on top of her scooter.It’s a rather odd thing to explain, but for some reason Scootaloo’s parents always find it best to leave her with you when they go out on business. Maybe that thought wouldn’t seem so odd if you were a pony, but the thing is that you are a human. Generally no pony likes you, they just accepted you from afar. Though Scootaloo seemed to take a real shine to your alien like nature. Aliens that aren't destroying your planet are pretty cool after all.You two would always hang out together and typically have tons of fun. Mostly you got dragged into crusading business and that usually isn't good for your health or the health of the 3 little fillies. Though you went along with it because, honestly, there wasn't much else you could do at the time. Soon you grew close to the fillies and the ponies started to accept you more as they saw how well you interacted with them.With this in mind, you soon met with Scootaloo’s parents. They are very busy business ponies that constantly go out of town due to their jobs. They told you how much their daughter enjoyed your company and proceeded to use you as a babysitter of sorts. She isn't really a baby, but you get the idea. They offered to pay, but you turned them down. You didn't feel right taking payment to watch over her. Though they didn't take no for an answer, so they bought you this awesome house. That was more than half a year ago, but the thought always finds a way of playing through your mind at random times. All you need to know about the now is that Scootaloo was here and soon it would be getting late, so that means she is here to stay. It wasn't that you didn't like her, in fact, you love her in a platonic way. It’s just that even though the ponies accept you now, the adults still rarely talk to you. You just feel kinda depressed today and didn't want her to see you like this. What's done is done,  can't throw her out. You let out a sigh as you close the door and turn around to face her. She currently has her scooter on top of the table and a little box of tools. You smile a little feeling that depressing mood leave you. You walk over to her so she could hear you better.“What do you want for dinner?” You ask the little orange filly sitting at your table.“Anything is fine.” She says not even paying attention as she works on her scooter.You let out a sigh. “Your parents asked me to look after you. So what do you want to eat?” You say with a strong tone.“Ugh, fine! Daisy sandwich is good, I don't feel that hungry.” She says quickly right before she returns to her contraption.You shake your head with a smile as you walk off to the kitchen. She has always been like Rainbow Dash and yet still is just like any other child that doesn't like to be babied. It’s rather funny how you relate to the little filly so well, kinda reminds you of yourself when you were in that rebellious stage. You let your memories die, they are rather depressing to think about seeing as you can never go back.That doesn’t matter, though! These ponies are plenty helpful and more than willing to find me work. You try to convince yourself. Sure it didn't work you used to, but it was a great way to make some cash, or bits as they call it. You fix her sandwich just the way you used to like them as a kid, no crust. Ah yes, that’s something that seems to never change with all youth. You return to her as she is still tinkering with that scooter. You gently place the plate next to her as you take a seat across the table.“So what new additions are you working on?” You ask with curiosity.“Just some more leg room for when I want to pull off spin tricks.” She says as she plays around with the bar some. “I will also need sturdier wheels for the roads around here.” She takes a wrench and pops them off effortlessly. It’s funny how her and her friends clearly show special talents in a certain area and yet they cannot see it for themselves. You have many times felt the urge just to explain to each of them on what it could be, but it was always best left unsaid. “You know where I come from we had something called a skateboard.” You say with a slight grin. You couldn't help but look at her scooter and think of “back to the future” when Marty Mcfly tears the handle off of a kids scooter and just uses it as is.“What's a skateboard?” She asks with her full attention.You knew all too well that Scootaloo is interested in human tech and gizmos, seeing as our normal day to day life stuff is completely alien to these ponies. You can still remember trying to explain pens to Twilight, the look on her face. It’s something you will never forget. Anyways, whenever you started to talk about your world she would always drop everything just to listen to you. It felt nice to actually talk to someone, even if she didn't get most of what you were saying.“It’s kinda like a scooter but with no handlebars.” You dumb down the explanation for her.She looks to her scooter then back to you. “How do you guys stay balanced?” She asks confused.You think about it for a second. “Well, I guess that would be impossible for most ponies.” You kinda shiver at a sudden idea. “ The only pony I can imagine actually doing it right is Pinkie.” She has always been weird enough to bend her body in ways that left you in awe and fear.You shake that image from your mind, you didn't want nightmares tonight.“So what was it used for?” She asks.“Same as a scooter. Tricks, transportation. The tricks are very different and some even say more difficult.”“More difficult?! No way.” She protests.You raise your hand to hold her objections. “Think of it like this. How would you spin the board around without the handle bars?” You say with a smirk.It takes a second for her to get the idea. “Oooh.” The realisation strikes her like a ton of bricks as she tries to think hard on what you said.“So why don't you eat your food now.” The next part of your plan was in motion.She is still in thought as she simply nods and picks up the sandwich and starts eating, still lost in thought. Looks like your plan worked once again. She shakes her thoughts away as she looks at you with narrow eyes. “That is no fair.” She says with a pout. You shrug. “It’s the best way to get you to eat.”“Whatever.” She says as she continues to eat, a small blush on her face.You just shrug it off as you leave her be. It was time to pick up a good book and read some more about a mare called Daring Do. Though it didn't take long for Scootaloo to finish as she takes a seat next to you on the couch.“What are you reading?” She asksYou lift the book to show her the cover.“Oh! Rainbow Dash talks about this book all the time.”“Want to read it?” You ask since she looks interested.She pauses for a moment. “W-well, could you read it to me?” You can't help but smile at her as you pat her on the head briefly. “Sure.” You flip back to the first page as Scootaloo cuddles up next to you and looks at the words. “Chapter one.” You say getting comfortable.“Curse you Daring Do! Curse you!” You say just before closing the book. You feel the weight on your side has almost doubled. You look over and see Scootaloo’s shallow breaths draw in and out, she fast asleep. You look over to a clock and see that it’s twelve AM. Perfect timing. You gently work Scootaloo into your arms as you lift her up. Her parents bought this home for you, but they also had an extra room added. Maybe they intended to make you their permanent sitter. You aren't sure, all you know is that you aren't going to let Scootaloo sleep on that uncomfortable couch.You quietly open the door to her room as you walk in and gently set her down onto the bed. It’s a warm night so you didn't need to cover her up. You turn to leave but suddenly stop when you hear a whisper. “Can I ask you something?” You turn around to see Scootaloo looking right at you.“Sure, what is it?” You reply.“M-My dad kisses me on the forehead before I go to bed, it helps me sleep better. C-Can you do that?” You are rather confused by this. Out of all the times, she has spent here, never has she mentioned this before. Though if it is true, then you feel a little awful. This entire time she hasn't been sleeping well?“Um, sure... I guess I can.” You relent as you go to her bedside.You lean in to kiss her forehead but in the soft glow of the moonlight you had to guess where her head is. You felt your lips press against something else that didn't feel like a forehead. It was very soft and had some give to it. Your eyes adjust to seeing that you aren't kissing her head. You were currently locked lips with her. You pull away quickly, you were positive you aimed for her head. Did, did she move?All you can do is look down to her in shock as she turns away from you with a large blush spreading over her face. You aren't sure what to even do at this moment. If it was an accident, do you apologise? If it was on purpose, do you scold her? You aren't her parent so that doesn't seem right. For now you just think it’s best to get out of this room as fast as possible. You stop briefly at the door and look at Scootaloo. She has a scared look on her face. Maybe leaving without a word is a bad choice. You calm yourself a little so you can speak as if nothing is wrong.“Sweet dream.” You say as you always have before she went to sleep. Your tone didn't betray the feelings inside of you. With this, you can see her relax a little as she lies her head down to sleep.“Goodnight.” She says in a happy tone before you close the door.From this point on you are stuck in a daze. What had happened in there has left you unsure about everything. Countless questions plague your psyche and try to dilute everything. You shake it all away. “It was just an honest mistake.” You say rubbing your eyes a little. “Nothing to get so worked up about.”With all thoughts buried into the depths of your mind, you quickly go to your room as you fall onto the bed. Even though you felt totally exhausted, you couldn't make the thoughts go away. For a good amount of the night, you simply looked to the ceiling, trying your best to understand everything that has transpired. You just lie back and try your best to sleep again. Until you hear the noise of your door being opened.“Hello?” You hear Scootaloo whisper.You decide to just lie still and hope she thinks you're asleep, maybe then she will leave. After a moment of silence, you hear the door close. You were about to breath a sigh of relief until you hear the soft patter of hooves upon your hardwood floor. It didn't take long for the sound to grown closer by the second. You open your eyes a little and see her on the opposite side of your bed.You watch as she gently raises herself onto the bed and slowly moves closer to you.“You sleeping?” She asks in an even quieter whisper.You wanted to just say ‘no’ but something deep down made you curious as to what she was doing. So you remain silent, making sure to steady your breaths to the best of your ability. You watch as she looks over your body, she looks really nervous. Once she looks at your face again, she slowly starts to move closer. Once she is literally sitting right next to your head can you see that she is almost terrified about something. You see her take a deep breath as she slowly leans towards you. It was then that you felt her lips press against yours. You wanted to desperately act like you were waking up, but you still held the farce of sleeping. You can feel as she carefully pushed into you more, trying to get a real good feel. It felt like an eternity but soon she pulls away with a massive blush over her face.You can't help but feel as if your skin was on fire from what she did. It was so wrong, but you still let it happen. It was then that you were broken from that thought as you felt some tiny hooves rubbing against your pants. “What is this?” She asks unsure of the erection clearly pressing in your jeans. You scold yourself for having become aroused in such a situation, she is a filly after all! You twitch every time she gently pokes it with her hooves. It was at the point you start to feel her trying to fiddle with your belt that you decide that this was too much. You slowly start to fake your stirring awake as she panics in silence. Before you could even fully awake from your fake slumber, you found that she was already out the door. You let out a heavy sigh as you just fall back onto your mattress. At least she probably won't return for the night. You think as you finally find yourself drifting off to sleep.The dreams you had that night weren't something you would admit to anyone. You also prayed that Luna was not watching over you, because that dream was definitely not something you were expecting. As you awoke into the real world you can't help but relive that dream a little. The morning wood you have now is not because it’s morning, it’s because of that dream. You dreamt that Scootaloo was doing things to you. Very inappropriate things, things a filly like her shouldn't do until she is older. Yet here you are, waking from a wet dream about a filly and more horny than you have ever been in your entire stay in Equestria. You have to admit that you haven't got to the point yet of thinking of dating one of these creatures, yet, you’re still a man and have found yourself thinking of what it would be like to plow their big round flanks. You let out a sigh as you rub the back of your neck. You didn't want to think about Scootaloo in that way. She’s a sweet kid and really nice, but you can't get what she did and what you dreamt out of your head. You look over at the clock to see it’s still early. Lucky for you it’s the weekend, but that also means you and Scootaloo will be alone, together, for awhile. You decide to suppress these sudden fantasies as you get up to prepare breakfast for your little guest. You didn't do much yesterday to work up a sweat, so you decide to forgo a shower this morning and just switch out your clothes. Once you’re feeling nice and clean, you make your way to the kitchen. Once inside you go over to the fridge and proceed to take ingredients out for a fine breakfast. The thing about Equestria is that ponies don't really take kindly to meat eaters. So you sadly had to adapt your lifestyle to their vegetarian diet. Though what they didn't know is that you did secretly go near the forest from time to time to hunt. Small game type things like rabbits and such. Early on you honestly worried that Fluttershy was going to start missing some of her animal friends, but then again the craving for meat always made you ignore this fact. Would explain why some of the animals oddly tasted sweeter than others.Today felt like a good day for eggs and rabbit meat. Sure it wasn't like the conventional breakfast of your old life, but when meat is scarce you start to appreciate it whenever you eat it. You decided to make Scootaloo some pancakes, she always seemed to enjoy the way you made them, seeing as you always add chocolate chips into them. You weren't too concerned about eating meat in front of Scootaloo, she understands that it’s something you need from time to time and she’s gracious enough to keep it a secret between the two of you..So once everything is ready you set the table so it looks nice and ready for your guest. Though she is a little late to show up, you soon hear the sound of hooves coming from the upstairs. That’s your first warning that she’s now awake and slowly making progress. You listen as she walks over to the stairs and starts her descent. You just take a seat and wait patiently as you make a cup of coffee for yourself. “What time is it?” She asks in a groggy voice as she enters.“Time to eat breakfast.” She just groans as she takes her seat. It didn't take her too long to brighten up a she takes the first bite of the meal you made for her. You make sure to get her some milk just before you join her in the feast. “So how did you sleep last night?” Scootaloo suddenly asks.You briefly find your mind flashing to what you dreamt about her. You gulp a little. “F-Fine.” You shake that thought away. “How did you sleep?”You notice a blush come over her face as she quickly looks away towards a wall. “It was fine as well.” She answers.You look down and notice she is shifting a little uncomfortably. “Are you alright?” You ask.She chuckles a little nervously. “Yeah, I’m fine.” She then looks up to you with that blush burning even brighter. “I’ve never seen any mares around here before. I know it’s none of my business but, do you have an eye on anypony in particular?” She asks tapping the tips of her forehooves together.“Um, well.” You Look down at your plate then back to her. “Why do you ask?” You say trying to avoid the question.“Oh, it's nothing... Just,” She takes a deep breath. “well, I’m just curious is all.”“Curious about what?” You ask growing a strong feeling about what she might be getting at.She looks away again. “W-well, my mom told me that adults do things that only other adults do. That when I got to a certain age I would want to do those things. She wasn't too specific, but I have always been curious as to what she meant.” She then looks directly at you. “I-I hear other kids say it's something called sex that adults do.”You feel your face go flush as that word leaves her mouth. It just felt so wrong to hear her say something like that.“I-I don't think we should be talking about thisband-aid” You say desperately trying to change the subject.“I-It’s just.” She looks around almost in a panic. “I-I trust you, more so than my parents. M-My mom said that when I do the adult thing, it should be with someone I love.” She immediately shuts her mouth at that and looks away.You too can't help but hang on that last word she just said. Love? Does she even know what that word means? How could she even be asking you such a thing. Sure you do trust her, you trust her a lot actually and you do love her, but, you can't love her like that... She is, it’s just wrong!“Scoots.” She cringes slightly, she knows when you use her pet name that you are sad. “I-I don't think I can do that.” You say honestly.“Don’t you love me?” She looks to you with those sad wide eyes. You bite the inside of your cheek a little. “I do love you, it's just, adults aren't supposed to do that to someone as young as you.”She gets up out of her seat as she walks over to you. “Please.” She looks to you with nothing else to give, she’s begging you at this point. “It's just, I-I want to make you feel how you make me feel. Y-You make me feel loved, s-so I want to show how much I love you too.” She sheds a few tears as they fall before you.You gulp a little. You didn't want her to cry but the only way to stop her is to do something illegal. She is a sweet kid, you can't let her feel like this, right?“Scoots,” You gulp once more, you can't believe this. “I-I’ll do it...” You let those words fall to her ears.You see them flicker a little as she looks up at you with tears in her eyes. “You will?” She asks with some hope.You give a slight nod. “Y-Yeah.” You see a small smile appear on her face. Despite how wrong this is, you feel good about it, until you remember what you just agreed to. “If we are going to do this, let's take it somewhere appropriate.” You say hesitantly.“Alright.” She acknowledges as you show her the way.Each step you take feels as if you’re on death row about to face the gallows. Maybe that’s an exaggeration, but you’re about to defile an innocent filly soon. So it feels appropriate. You open the door to your bedroom as you wave her to go ahead of you. She jumps onto the bed as you close the door and lock it, you were sure you wouldn't get any visitors, but you aren't taking any chances.You turn around and take a deep breath. “Alright, you gotta remember that you can't tell anyone about this.” You say trying to drive home the seriousness in your tone. “Not a single soul.”“I-I know.”You let out another sigh as you take a seat next to her. You hate yourself for already being rock hard before even starting.“I’ll get undressed now.” You say as you slowly unbuckle your pants.She just looks at you curiously as you disrobe. After everything falls to the ground you can't help but notice the filly looking right at your manhood. This oddly stimulates you more than it should, it felt so wrong but right at the same time. You take your seat next to her again, she hasn't let your pride and joy leave her sights. “Wow.” She moves a little closer. “Is it always this big?” She asks.“Uh, yeah, I guess.” You say nervously.She slowly inches a hoof towards it as you hold your breath. Once she makes contact you can't help but feel your cock twitch from such a simple action. She doesn't hold back as she takes you into her hooves and examines your cock some.“It’s soft and hard at the same time.” She says while squeezing you some.You can't help but revel in pleasure from this. Maybe it was the situation or maybe deep down you found this filly sexy, all you know is that your objections from before seem to fade away as endorphins flood your brain and scream at you to breed.You let out a desperate sigh. “Would you like to try more?” You quickly say to stop the teasing.She just looks up at you as she gives a nod. You go further onto the bed as you lie onto your back. You pat the spot next to you as she crawls over and gets comfortable. “So what happens now?” She asks unsure of what to do.“Well, the first thing we need to do is what my people call ‘foreplay’. I am not sure if ponies have something like that.” You honestly weren't really sure. You have yet to get on a subject like that with anyone before. You center your thoughts again. “It’s a very fun thing but also has the benefit of getting you ready for the main thing, which is what those other ponies called sex.” You then gently pick her up and spin her around so her tiny little butt is in your face. Even though you can't see her you can tell she is staring right at your manhood some more. “So what do I do?” She asks.You gulp a little. “Well, you just lick it.”“B-but don't you, well, pee from there?” She asks looking back to you.You can't help but feel your face burning red from these questions. “Uh, yes, but... Well.” You really have no idea how to convey what this means and why people like it. I mean, she does have a point. “It’s just very enjoyable for me and sex is about making each other feel good.” “Oh, alright.” She hesitates a little just before giving the tip of your cock a lick. You suppress the feeling to scream out as she did this. “Like this?” She asks looking back at you. You can't even find your voice anymore as you give a simple nod.She goes back to licking your pride as she gets into it. It doesn't take long until she starts to experiment on you, no longer licking but now taking your head into her mouth. She is a fast learner it seems. This is about making each other feel good and you aren't holding up your end. You adjust a little so her little orange marehood is right in front of you. Well, too late to back out now. With that in mind you decide it would be best to work your way to the fun. You start by licking the sides of her little marehood, never letting your tongues touch her folds. You hear little squeaks coming from her as you do this. She starts to wiggle her rump at you, so you decide that maybe that was enough teasing. You spread her lips with your thumbs and proceed to lick her insides. You hear her gasp as you do this and she even gives a cute little moan. This seems to only motivate you as you begin to drive your face into her eagerly waiting hole. You catch the sweet scent that her privates give off, with the addition to the tangy taste, it’s driving you wild. You want to keep at this, but too much of this will end this experience too quickly. You pull her off of you. “Aw!” She says giving you a pout.You chuckle at her reaction. “Don't worry, it’s time to move on.”That smile of hers is infectious. “You mean, sex?” She asks.You no longer feel wrong when she says this. You just give her a nod with a smile. “That’s right.”A thought struck you, though. How were you going to go about this? Doggy style wouldn't work, because she’s too small and you wouldn't want to hurt her, plus that seems a little degrading to a first timer. Missionary has almost the same problem of her possibly getting hurt. You decide that the best course of action is to have her ride you cowgirl style, or would that be cowpony style?Again you shake those irrelevant thoughts away as you lie on your back once more and proceed to pick her up, but this time you set her butt right onto your privates.“There are many positions, but you aren't big enough for some of them.” You admit to her. “I think this one will do just fine.” You say giving her a smile.“S-So what do I do?” She asks with a hint of nervousness.You can already feel her wetness coating your cock as your tip presses at her entrance. “Well, you just sit down as much as you can. Just, this is your first time, so please be careful. Since you are on top you will have more control, so don't push yourself.” You say with genuine concern.She gives a nod as she looks behind her to what she is about to do. She places her forehooves on your chest to get a better balance as you place your hands on her flank for added stability. She looks at you nervously as you just stroke her flank to calm her. She takes a deep breath as she starts to press down onto you. You see her face squinting but you aren't doing much better as you hiss a little from how tight she is. You two didn't get far until you hit a wall of sorts. This shocks you as you then force Scootaloo to stop lowering by holding her flank up.“Alright, so we are at your hymen. Now, this part can be a little scary and I won't lie, I hear it’s painful to break one. So, if we are going to do this, you need to really be sure about this, because once you commit, you can’t take it back.” You say filling with concern, you never wish to harm her in anyway. She looks at you before gulping a little at how serious you are. “I-I still want to try.”“Alright, now you need to do this fast, like ripping off a bandaid. Drop down as hard as you can, then don't move until you feel it’s right.” You instruct her.She takes another deep breath as she give you a nod. You return the nod as you feel her lift off you slightly. She locks eyes with you once more, deep within them you see a spark of sorts, a determination. It was then that you felt her throw herself onto your manhood, impaling deep within. You both let out grunts as you try to comprehend what you just went through. It’s so damn tight inside of her, it feels like your dick is in a vice grip. It didn't help the fact that her insides were trying to pull you deeper. You come back to reality as you see the pained look on her face. You both are panting heavily right now.“Are you alright?” You ask between breaths. She sheds a tear but gives you a slow nod. “Alright, when you are ready, just start moving up and down.” You tell her as she gives another nod.After some time for her to relax, you finally feel her lift off of you.“Ooh.” You hear escape her mouth as you feel her walls cling to you. It seems the pain is now fading as she slowly sits down again with a happy sigh. Though she couldn't fit all of you into her, the sheer tightness of her is driving you to unforetold levels of ecstasy. With each rise, she would go a little faster. With each plunge, she would drop a little harder. You look to her now as she rapidly rises and falls onto you, her head in the clouds, tiny tongue lolled out as a little bit of drool runs down her chin.You feel it’s now the right time to put in some effort as you throw your hips up as she sits down. You hear her gasp in surprise as she looks down at you. Once she realises what you did smirks a bit as she works you harder. You weren't going to last long like this and you could tell from her face that she is nearing a peak as well. You move your hand to the back of her head and bring her down into a kiss as you stick your tongue into her mouth. She accepts it with a moan as you two never miss a beat, you throw your hips fast as she starts to pick up the pace as well. You both break from the kiss and lock eyes. Within hers you could see the love, it definitely was not one that you would see in the eyes of a naive child, it’s pure, it’s passionate. You can only hope that she can see the same in yours.“I-I think something is happening.” She says between pants.“It’s alright, keep going.” You say as you start to feel her body tense up. She lets out a little scream as you feel her marehood clench onto your manhood. You give a few more pained strokes, with one last powerful thrust into her, do you feel your body tremble as an insane amount of your liquid pride leaves your cock and coats her insides. You can't help but feel her body slowly milking you as you wrap your arms around her and hold her close. Everything slowly starts to fade away as your eyes fall heavy.You awake from your sudden slumber and look around to see you’re under the covers and Scootaloo is nowhere in site.. Was it all a dream? You think to yourself as you slowly shift around to get a better sleeping positions. As you move around you take notice of a large lump under the covers. You lift them and see the little filly all curled up in a ball, a puddle of semen under her and a large smile on her face.You can't help but see this as cute.. In a really fucked up way. Who are you kidding anyway, not like you can take what you did back? Might as well enjoy it for now. You lie on your side as you pull the little filly to your chest. You bury your face into her mane as you hear her slowly giggling. She turns her head to look at you.“Evening.” You say with a smile. She smiles at you. “How did you sleep?” “Better than you could ever imagine.”Ah, the hustle and bustle of Manehattan, it’s a city that reminds you of the cities you grew up in. Though where they lacked the car pollution, they more than made up for it in foot traffic or would that be hoof traffic? A pony bumps into you while you are looking at one of the many skyscrapers. Not really a skyscraper by your standards, but to these ponies, they find it monolithic to what they’re used to.“Out of the way freak!” The pony calls out as he continues on his busy way. Yes, the staple of every large city, the undeniable assholes that fill it. In ponyville, all of the ponies are kind and sweet to each other. They know you and generally accept you, but that is not the case here. Having just arrived here has left you with more than a few unpleasant encounters. Several from the police ponies and more than a few words from passers-by. It’s alright, you’re on vacation and you weren't going to let something as trivial as grumpy ponies ruin your brief stay here.Why are you taking a vacation? Well, working with Pinkie Pie is a full-time job to say the least. If anyone else other than you was dumb enough to work with her, then you have a good feeling that on work suicides would be very high. While she is a nice pony, she can be a little much to deal with if you’re prolonged to exposure. The cakes were more than willing to allow you free time, seeing as you were helping them get free time from Pinkie as well. So you felt it was time to take a break and decompress for a few days.This time around you were interested in visiting a place you have never been to before. You have been to Canterlot on more than one occasion, in fact, you pretty much knew the streets of Canterlot like the back of your hand. You have always heard of Manehattan and thought perhaps a more city like atmosphere would help you feel closer to home.“Move it or lose it, buddy!” Another pony shouts as he pushes past you.Yeah, this does make you feel closer to home indeed. You return your attention to the map in your hands. The hotel you’re looking for is somewhere around here. You continue on as you walk through the mass of ponies. You think it would be easy to find something, in particular, seeing as you’re easily three feet taller than all of these ponies, but you would be surprised how well-hidden things can be even with your height advantage.You’ve been searching for a few hours and still can’t find where this place is. You look at your map, then the street names and over to the address written on the piece of parchment Twilight gave you. Largely this world is pretty cool, but what you can't stand is that they have no real written language. It’s all just hieroglyphics. So this makes it very hard for you to determine where a place is.While Twilight has been trying her hardest to teach you their language, it’s still a long road ahead before you could find anything on your own with absolute certainty.“Where the hell is this place?” You ask unsure if you took a wrong turn a few blocks back.“Hey mista, what're you supposed ta be?” A small voice calls to you.You look down to your feet and notice a cute little filly standing there looking up at you. She has a short two-toned mane, the main color is red with a lighter pink stripes running through it. Her coat kinda looks like an orangish color. Her accent is extremely thick but not to the point where you can't understand her. Kinda weird she has a Brooklyn accent, seeing as you’re in the equivalent of Manhattan.“You hear me?” She taps your knee to get your attention.You snap back to attention. “Sorry about that.” You take a second to recall what she asked. “Well, simply put, I am a human. Why do you ask?”“Well, I neva saw a pony like you before.” She blushes from embarrassment. “So where you come from?”You can't really believe you’re talking to a foal right now, but it sure is a nice change of pace from being ignored or insulted by the other ponies around you.“Ponyville, I’m taking a short vacation here actually.” You inform her“Ponyville?! Ey my cuzin lives on up there. Ya know’er? Names Apple Bloom.”Though it's hard to tell you can kinda see a resemblance between the two.“I’ve met Apple Bloom, as well as the rest of the Apple Clan.” You say.“Well, then that makes yous family then!” She gives you an adorable smile. “So whatcha doin walking round lookin lost?”You look at the map real quick as to see where you are. “Well, I am looking for this hotel.” You say leaning down as to show her the address.“Oh! Yous are lookin for this place? Mighty fancy I must admit. Come on I’ll show ya the way!” She says giving you a wave.You look around unsure. “Aren't your parents going to be worried?” You really didn't want to get in trouble.“Ah don't worry none about them, they think I’m still in school.” She says giving you a grin.You weren't sure what to say as she just walks off into the crowd. You decide that it's probably best to just follow her. After pushing your way through the crowd, you spot her entering into a building. You follow after her as you’re greeted with a rather interesting site. This place is beyond fancy. It seems that Twilight really wanted you to live it up in your brief stay in Manehattan. You swear this place looks like it’s reserved for royalty or something! Twilight has always been kind to you since you came here. Kinda your only real friend.You shake those thoughts as you follow this filly as she walks up to the counter. You make your way next to her as a receptionist takes notice of you both.“How may I help you?” She asks with a raised brow.You clear your throat. “Yes, I should have a reservation set by a Twilight Sparkle.” The mare looks over her book. “Ah yes, I see she has reserved the suite for you.” She turns around as she takes a key out of a drawer. “Here is your key. Would you like any help with your bag?” She asks.You shake your head. “No, thank you.”“Very well, I hope you and your daughter enjoy your stay.” She says casting a brief glance at the filly.“Wait, she isn-” You are cut off by the filly.“Yeah, we will enjoy alright. Tell the chefs that we will be ordering sum food soon.” Without even acknowledging you this little filly walks over to an elevator.“Uh, yeah.” You say leaving the mare at the desk puzzled. You enter the elevator as the doors close and slowly makes its ascent. You look down at the filly. “Why?” You simply ask.“Yous think imma not see a fancy suite?” She looks up at you with that smirk of hers.“Well, I don't even know you.” You say honestly.“But ya know my cuzun, that makes us practically family.” The doors to the elevator open as she walks out and searched for the room. You look at the key and see the number is 5. Soon you stood before the door just before you opened it. The filly is the first one in as she just stops in awe.“Whoa.” Is all you hear from her.You too can't believe how fancy this room is. There is a large overview of the entire city in the living room. Which, You notice was probably bigger than your own home back in ponyville. You can't believe Twilight actually offered to pay for this place, you will have to find some way to repay her.“Looks like Twilight spared no expense.” You say to yourself.“Yous can say that again. This is tha fanciest place I eva seen!” She says taking a tour of the place.You couldn't argue with her, it was definitely the fanciest place you have ever seen as well. You then come to the realization that you have an unknown filly in your room that probably has worried parent by now. This does not sit too well with you.“Not to seem rude, but are you sure your parent won't mind? I mean, I really don't want to get in trouble here.” You say with some concern.“Oh, trust me, buddy, they won't mind at all.” She says walking off into a new room to investigate.You just shrug as you take your belongings to what you assume is your room. You weren't going to unpack, but still you wanted everything to be somewhere you knew it would be. After setting the suitcase onto the bed, you proceed to fall next to it and revel in the plushness of this king sized bed.“Looks like you had a rough day.” You look up to see the filly at the door to your room.“You can say that again.” You say exhausted.“What, is bein in da city too much for you ponyvillers?” She asks with a cocky grin.“Believe it or not, kid. Before I came to this planet I actually lived in a city.” You inform her.“So ya really are an alien?” You hear some excitement coming from her.“I guess you can see it like that.” You admit.“So ya got an alien ship or weapons?” Her eyes seem to glimmer a little.“Sorry, none of that. I kinda just fell onto this planet.” You say rubbing the scar on the back of your head. “As for weapons?” You tap your head. “Humans are known for their inventiveness and determination. Our minds can make cures to all sickness and the destruction of all life.” You say with a grin.Her eyes seem to go wide at that. “So yous humans could cure anythin?” “I will admit, it takes time and research, but yes. In time, we could cure anything.” You inform her.“That sounds so cool!” She says hopping up onto the bed next to you. “Can ya tell me more about dis planet of yours?” What the hell, you got the time and it's nice to talk to someone while you are here.“Sure, but this might take awhile.” You inform her.She holds up one of her hooves. “One second.” She scoots over to a phone located by the side of the bed. She pick it up and pushes a button. “Yo, room service?” She pauses. “Yeah, we’s like to order sumthin.” She then looks over at you. “What does you eat anyways?”“Meat.” You say honestly.You can see she is very surprised by this. She looks to the phone. “Yous got any meat down there?” She asks. “Yeah, yeah, some of that.”You tune her out as she makes a very long list to that order. Seems she doesn't spare the kitchen staff, it took an entire 10 minutes until she hung up. “They will be up here in no time.” She says getting comfy.“I better not get a bill for this.” You say under your breath.“Don't worry none, the suites always get complimentary service.” She says with a grin. She then lies on her stomach as she looks to you. “So let's hear this story of yours.”(3 hours later)You both are full with food and drink and you have finally finished your story. It wasn't that long, but her endless questioning made it go on longer than you would have liked.“You know, I like you.” She says looking to the ceiling with a distended belly.“Yeah, free food can do that to a person.” You say in a smart ass tone.“Ah don't be like dat. So tell me how’s Apple Bloom been?” She asks.Honestly, you haven't spent much time with her, so you weren't sure how she was.“She is doing well, I guess.” You answer.“I been in charge of expanding their club ova here. I got a few other blank flanks to join.” She informs you.You can't help but look up and see that she is indeed a blank flank. She notices your gaze as a blush comes over her face, she quickly slaps her small tail to hide her flank. Though what you notice now is anything but her blank flank, you take notice of her tiny little marehood. You quickly look away.“Uh, do you really have to do that?” You say trying to look at anything other than her.“S-sorry, I just don't like when ponies see I have a blank flank.” She admits with a sad look.“I-It's fine, uh, I swear I won't look again... So can you put your tail down?” You ask desperately.“What's the problem?” She asks.You look down to see she is still hiding her blank flank but leaving something far more personal exposed. “Y-You are... Well, I can see...” Finding the right words is very hard. “You know. Privates.”You then look over to see a massive blush go over her face as she slaps her tail between her legs. This probably has to be the most embarrassing moment in both of your lives.“W-why were you lookin?” She asks.That is an interesting question. Why were you looking? Sure, ponies pass you by on a daily basis and you have seen their genitals before. So why was it different with this filly? Why did you have to bring it up? Why not just ignore it like you have with so many other mares?“Well, I guess it was kinda hard not to notice.” You gulp a little at a realization. “To be honest I think it's the first time I’ve seen a fillies.” You cough a little. “Well, you know.”That is also true, while you have seen your fair share of mare flank, fillies are so small that they barely stand at your knees. This means that whenever you’ve seen them playing, you’ve never caught sight of their privates before. Not that you were looking mind you, but the eye does like to wander from time to time.“W-well, would ya like to.. Get a betta peek?” You hear her ask.It seemed as if time has slowed almost to a stop for you. Your mind is trying to process what she just asked you.“Wha?” Is the only thing that came out of your mouth.“I asked if you’d like ta get a betta look?” With a massive blush on her face, you take notice of how she drops her tail and spreads her legs some.This can't be happening, right? You must have been knocked out during a mugging and are now lying in a pool of your own blood. The breaths you drew and the softness of the bed, it all felt real. Which means that this couldn't be a dream, this filly is actually allowing you to look at her most intimate area. What are you going to do?!You quickly stand up and walk out the room. You can't do this, this is wrong on so many levels! You quickly take a seat in the living room as you slap your hands to your face trying to drown out the images of that filly on her back. The sane part of your mind tries to suppress these feelings, but the horny side that had not had sex in a few years is pushing everything too far.In your head, you played out what you wanted to do to that filly. To have your way with her and, and to use her like some sex toy. T-this isn't what you really wanted, it was just that part of your brain that wanted to fuck something soft. She is a filly, you would never do something like that to her. This is bad, she’s a filly and she is in your hotel. What would people think? The sexual thoughts quickly turn to turmoil as worst case scenarios played through your mind. It doesn't matter what I say to them, they will think that something happened! It was all fear based on your primal desires. You were so wrapped up in thought you didn't even take notice of the filly currently sitting next to you.“I-I am sorry I made ya uncomfortable mista.”Her voice snaps you back to reality as you look to see her by your side. She has a few tears rolling over her cheeks as she uses her hooves to clear them away.“I neva met sumeone as nice as you.” She looks up to you. “I mean, what pony would let a filly walk in dare room without question?” She then scoots closer to your side as she leans against you. “I-I didn't mean nothin by it, honest.” You finally feel yourself calm a little as you pet this fillies head to comfort her. It’s odd how petting another being made humans feel better, this was no different when petting a sentient pony it seems. She’s soft, very soft. Her scent is oddly sweet for a filly, almost like a natural perfume. Something made you curious, though. “Can I ask you something?” “What is it?” She looks up at you with those adorable eyes.“What’s the deal with your parents?” You were pretty sure if you had a kid you would be worried as to where she was right now.You then see her expression fall a little. “Oh, dem.” She lets out a sad sigh.“I am sorry. I didn't mean to bring anything up.” You can tell you’ve hit a touchy subject.“No, no, it's fine.” She lets out another sigh. “They are just, busy ponies I guess. Don't pay me much mind. Heck, I once went all the way to ponyville and back and they didn't notice!” She says a little angry. “It seems like I’m always alone.” She looks to the ground in sadness.You can't help but feel for this kid. You too felt alone, even in your own world. People passed you by and never gave you much thought. You were just another face in the masses. It was a hard feeling to take in, but you took solace in the idea that others knew this pain too. It was only when you came to ponyville that you were thrown into the spotlight, not in a good way either. It still hurts you deep down thinking of what you went through on those coming months. You look down to this filly. You two weren't so different, but she was young and sadly had to feel this pain in her short time on earth. Fillies like her should be playing and having fun, not dealing with stuff like this.“I get what you mean.” You add. “I too have felt that loneliness before.”She looks up at you with glistening eyes. “Yeah?”You give a not. “Yeah.” You then pause for a second. “It helps when you have friends to support you.” You say thinking of Twilight. You then bring your attention back. “So you and Apple Bloom are good friends?”“Yeah! It was rough at first, I-I made some mistakes but in the end we made up.” She informs you.“Good, I know it seems hard now, but you still have a long life ahead of you.” You say with a smile.Now, what happened next definitely came as a surprise to you. Seeing as this filly had just leaned up and pushed her lips right into yours! What is going on?! You want to push her away, to stop this, but you couldn't. In fact, you feel your body pull her closer as you two share this moment. You can feel how soft her lips are, how inexperienced she is. This is probably her first time kissing anything and you want it to be simple and sweet, but something urged you to make it better.You gingerly push your tongues into her mouth as she gasps in surprise. You revel in the feel of her velvet tongue as it tries to feel again your own. You can hear soft moans move past her virgin lips. Her tiny hooves trying desperately to wrap themselves around you to bring you closer. You weren't sure what was happening, but the logical side of your mind knew you had to stop this before it was too late!You both separate with a gasp for air. That was the best kiss you ever had in your entire life and it was with a filly. Your mind goes numb. Everything you just did sinks in on an entirely new level. What the hell were you thinking?!“I’m so sorry!” You say trying to cover up what you just did.“W-what? Was it not good?” She asks with some sadness.“I-It wasn't right! I-I am not supposed to do that to a filly!” You say still in disbelief of what you just did.She quickly crawls into your lap as she looks into your eyes. “I did it, you didn't do nothin!” She tries to reason.“You just kissed me. I did more, I shouldn't have done what I did.” You admit.“I swear I won't tell no pony!” She looks like she is panicking. Why? “J-Just, don't make me stop feeling that way!” You are caught off guard by the passion in her voice. She sounded so afraid and yet happy at the same time. “I want to rememba what love feels like.” She says locking eyes with you.You gulp a little at her gaze. She looks so neglected as if no one cares for her. She is looking to you to be something for her, a light in the darkness. Could you really go so far as to pursue this filly in such a way? Would it be wise to confuse her into thinking that this is what love really is? “I-I don't even know your name.” You say.She smiles at you. “Babs, Babs Seed.”“Babs.” You take a deep breath. “What you are looking for right now, it’s, it’s not love.” You admit.“You tellin me that it wasn't love?” She looks at you with hurt.You shake your head. “I-I don't want you to confuse what we did with love. I mean, we just met!”“M-My friends always say something about love at first sight?” She looks up at you, you can see honesty behind them.Now this truly perplexed you. Did she truly fall for you at first sight? It seems so odd, it's not something that happens in our world, but, this place is magical. How could it not be right if it's love? You search your feelings and can tell that you do generally care about this filly. She was only asking for you to show her something she needed in her life. Why couldn't you do that for her?“Babs, I know what it’s like to not feel loved. S-So I won't let you feel like that.” You let the room fall into silence.“You mean it?” She looks up to you.“Yeah.” You say happy to see her smiling.That's when you see it this time. She closes her eyes as she leans in for another kiss. You don't hesitate as you meet this filly half way. Once you feel her lips against yours, you are surprised to see she takes the initiative as she tries to stick her little tongue into your mouth this time. You let her in without a fight as you allow her to explore every inch of you as best as she could manage.You can't believe this is happening. You are making out with a filly and it feels so good. You have never experienced such a simple pleasure in your life. She pulls away from you out of breath again. You can see a large smile and a massive blush across her face. Though you take notice of her gently rocking back and forth on your lap. It's when you feel something wet on your lap do you understand what it is.It seems this filly is highly stimulated by these actions. Just that simple thought is making your member press against your jeans in a desperate plea to escape its prison.“How do you feel?” You ask her.“I-I feel great.” She says still panting. “Want me to make you feel better?” You ask feeling a nervousness overtake you in this idea.“How?” She looks to you with juvenile curiosity.“Just relax.” You inform her as you sit her on the couch.You get up and get on your knees as she is sitting on her flank, back against the couch. You gently pull her hind legs towards you so her flank is slightly hovering over the edge. You look at her tiny marehood as it is clearly soaking wet. “What are ya gunna do?” She asks still confused.You lower your head towards her slit, but pause when you take notice of her tensing up. “It's alright.” You say in a calm tone as you gently knead her blank flank.She takes to this well as she gives you a nod and loosens up for you. You bring your head closer and stop just a few inches from her most private of places. You take in her scent and can't believe how sweet it smells. You don't hesitate as you start from her little butthole and lick all the way to the top of her clit. The effects are immediate as she leans forward with a squeak. This seems to only drive you to pleasure this filly more as you swirl your tongue around her clit, making her shudder and moan out uncontrollably. You then pull back as you re-aim your attention to her honeypot. You separate her folds cleanly as you dig deep into her. You feel her tiny hooves reach the back of your head as she desperately tries to pull you into her.“ung, p-pl-leas-se.” She tries to beg.You aren't going to stop now as you use your free hand to massage her clit while your mouth continues its work.“I-I..nnng”You feel her little pussy clamp onto your tongue with all its might as she let out a long moan. The fluids that filled you were too good to pass up. You hungrily lapped up as much as you could as she continues her orgasm. Soon enough she was done and you lean back to look at you handiwork. Her eyes are currently locked to the ceiling as her tiny tongue is lolled out in pure bliss.“So I assume it was good?” You ask knowing the answer. She just gives a simple nod. “Good.” You say just before getting up. That is until she snatches your hand with her hoof. “W-what are ya doin?” She asks still out of breath.“I was going to wash up.” You answer her.“No, way.” She looks down to her marehood as she wiggles her flank some. “Time for your fun.” Holy shit! She wants to go all the way?!“Sure!” Well, you sure didn't hold out on that request.With a massive hard on you quickly fall to your knees and drop your pants. Your manhood standing ready for action. You hear her gulp a little as she looks at it.“Wow.” Is all she says.“Still want to go on?” You ask her.“Y-yeah!” She says trying to regain her confidence.“Alright.” You say just before you scoot a little closer to her.This position would be a little tricky, but the couch is helping prop her up to your level, so overall it would be an ideal way to making this work.“Are you ready?” You ask lining up your cock to her love hole.She gives you a nod as you gently press into her. It felt like it took a whole minute before you felt your head pop inside of her. You both let out sighs as the pleasure fills you both. You give her a second to adjust before you start to push in deeper and deeper. Once you feel a wall of sorts you understand what this is. You both meet eye to eye. Not a single word is said as she gives you a single nod. You don't waste time as you place your right hand at the small of her back. You gently lift her as you quickly slam her down, throwing your hips forward, breaking her hymen instantly. You hear her cry out in pain, but she quickly takes your mouth in hers as she tries to silence herself. You do your best to comfort her as you gently play with her tongue, staying completely still as to let her body adjust.After awhile she pulls back. “Alright, I’m good.” She says with a weak smile.You give a nod just before you slowly withdraw from her. She lets out moans as you just leave the tip inside of her. You can't believe how much control her marehood seems to have as it gently massages the tip of your cock as if coaxing it to come back to the warmth inside. You wouldn't want to deny what the body needs as you drive all the way into this filly. She throws her head back as she wraps her hooves around your neck for support. You slowly pull out again but immediately drive deep in. “Oh!” You hear her cute little moans.You start to pick up the pace as this little filly just lets out squeals and moans with every inch of cock she takes. “H-harda!” She pleads to you.You weren't going to hold back now as you put more force into each thrust. You hear her cry out in laughter as her body revels in the carnal pleasure you bring.“I-I think.” She doesn't finish as you feel her pussy clamp onto you with all it's might. The rush of liquid splashes against your body as her body convulses in pure ecstasy. The thing is, you weren't finished yet. She looks up to you confused.“Did ya not like it?” She asks totally out of breath.“It was great, I just didn't finish yet.” You say while still inside of her, her marehood trying desperately to help you to that peak.“I-I gotta idea.” She says as she pulls away from you. She sits onto her flank once again, but this time lies on her stomach in front of your member. She just looks at your dick for a moment before placing a hoof on each side and bringing it to her lips. You grunt as you feel this little fillies tongue lick the tip of your manhood. She takes notice of this as she starts to slowly jack you off while swirling her tongues around you head. She picks up the pace as she now slowly bobs her head over your cock, trying her best to take as much as she can inside of her mouth. Each bob drives you mad. Her work is skillful despite having no experience. She is now relaxing more as she doubled her efforts. Now taking half of your cock into her mouth as she tries her best to get you off.You weren't going to last long anyways under this much pleasure. “B-Babs.” you say trying to warn her.It doesn't take as she gently nibbles at the tip of your penis. You hit your peak there as she wraps her lips around the head as you unload your pent up sexual frustration into her stomach. She tries to drink as much as she could but soon has to pull away as she sputters some semen from her throat. You continue to coat her face and chest with your love. You fall onto your ass in total bliss as you just try to take in the afterglow of what you just went through. You look up to see Babs is covered in your cum. One of her eyes closed having been clearly coated in your sticky ooze. You can't help but smile at this, it’s pretty hot after all.“You uh, wanna get cleaned up?” You say trying to contain your laughter.“Yeah, yeah.” She says but looks too weak to even move.You get up and take her into your arms. “Let me help.”She looks up to you with a smile. “You don't needa do that.” She says with a blush.“It would be my pleasure.”Dear Twilight.I guess this letter will seem a little sudden, but I think I might stay in Manehattan for a while. It just reminds me of the good ol’ times I had in my world. I hope you will understand. Don't worry though, I will visit whenever I get the free time. Oh! Did I mention that I met a cousin of Apple Bloom’s here? Yeah, her name is Babs Seed, if you can please tell her that Babs is doing fine and has even added a few blank flanks to their crusading club, then that would be swell. Anyways, I hope to see you soon and I can't thank you enough for everything you have done for me.Yours truly.You let out a deep and heavy sigh. Why is it always you that gets put into situations like this? You’re a good person. You try to treat everyone with some level of respect. Yet, here you are. A white fashionista mare at your feet, graveling.“You must!” She calls to you with tears in her eyes. You have been in this situation many times before. It’s kinda funny when you think back on how all the ponies went out of their way to ignore you when you first arrived in Equestria. Especially so with the mare currently at your feet. She used to comment about your attire at every available chance she got. Even when everyone got to know you better she still held an holier than thou way about her when she was around you. Always making you feel like a peasant before royalty. Which in and of itself was funny, since Celestia and Luna were both total sweethearts towards you.Though Rarity soon changed her tune when she found you playing with Sweetie Belle. You were waiting for Rarity to finish making some clothes for you, having nothing better to do, you struck up a conversation with Sweetie Belle and ended up play with the little filly. It wasn't that hard for her to convince you anyways. Being bored out of your mind was one good reason and the second reason was the face she made. You swear those big eyes and quivering lip would have broken your heart if you looked for too long.The two of you were playing a simple game of tic tac toe. Rarity was flabbergasted that you were able to keep her sitting still for so long. Complaining that the only other pony to have that much control over her sister is Fluttershy. You weren't too sure why it was so hard to control the filly, she was acting like a complete angel with you. So it was with this situation that Rarity thought it would be a great idea for you to be the fillies, babysitter. You weren't liking that idea at all. You had a job and other things to do than watch a filly for hours or even days! That was until Rarity gave you a very interesting proposal. You see, you are a male and there are a lot of mares around. This fact alone doesn't mean they would give you their time of day, seeing as they are still rather afraid of you. On the other hand. Rarity and her friends knew you wouldn't harm anyone and were rather likable when they took the time to get to know you. So, with this in mind. Rarity offered to pay you with the one thing you haven't been getting... Sex. Now, this was a very interesting start to your friendship. To think Rarity would actually offer something like that at the time baffled you. That was more than a few years ago. You would watch Sweetie Belle for Rarity whenever she went out and needed a babysitter. When Rarity came back, you two would fuck like rabbits. It was weird at first to learn how to please a mare, but in time the rewards were well worth the awkwardness. But we are getting a little off track. Currently, Rarity is at your feet pleading you to watch Sweetie Belle for a whole month! This will be the longest time you have ever been alone with the filly.“Actually, not to put you down, Rarity, but this isn't something I must do.” You correct her.“But darling, I simply must go to Canterlot! You see, Fancy Pants wants me to be by his side as he shows my clothing line off to many reputable ponies! We are even going to go tour all of Equestria showing my work! You simply must watch Sweetie Belle!”“Rarity, it's one thing to watch Sweetie Belle for a few days... It’s an entirely different thing when it's an entire month.” You say with an unwavering determination.“If you do this... I will... I will.” You raise your eyebrow at her. “I will let you. Go in the back door.” She says so quickly you thought you heard her wrong.Your eyes go completely wide as your mind registers what she just said. You were not expecting that. You tried to do anal with Rarity once, but she got furious at the attempt. It has kinda been a huge turn on for you just to think about it since she actively denies it. It probably has something to do with the fact she is so clean and prissy as well... Doing something really dirty like that always makes you hard as steel when it comes to mind.“Are you serious?” She turns away with a blush, slowly nodding her head. “Rarity, I promise you I will watch over Sweetie Belle. As god as my witness, I will not fail you.” There went your determination.“Really?!” She says with excitement.“Well, with an offer like that... How could I refuse?”She pulls you into a hug. “I know I shouldn't be doing this, considering what you’re getting in the end. But thank you, thank you for doing this.”The way she said that made you kinda feel bad about what she was offering. That feeling didn't last long though. You would be plowing that marshmallow ass, for humanity!“So, when are you leaving?” You ask.“Now.”“Now!?” You didn't expect it to be so last minute.“Well, what did you expect?”“I don't know? A little warning!”She turns around, letting out a harumph. “Just be glad I am giving you a good offer on such a short notice.”You look at her ass. “You’re lucky your ass looks as fine as it does.” You say slapping it.She jerks up at the feeling. “Manners!” She looks back at you with a piercing gaze.“You know you like it.” You say. She simply blushes in return.She clears her throat. “Well, yes... Besides that, I am going to pack and be on my way. Tell Sweetie Belle that I am sorry I had to leave on such a short notice and couldn't tell her myself.”“Alright, Rarity.”“Thank you.” She says leaving to pack.Rarity is gone now. She left you some bits to cover any food that was needed and also a small list of things that needed to be done around the house. Most of it was cleaning and keeping Sweetie Belle out of her inspiration room. Everything else is along the lines of getting some food into myself and her sister. Pretty much the same old you have been dealing with.Sweetie Belle should be back in a few minutes. Usually, she likes to drop off her saddle bag at home before she goes off to play with her friends. The sound of the front door’s bell ringing lets you know you were on the mark with that previous thought.“Rarity, why is the sign for the store on closed?!” The young filly calls out.You step down from upstairs and come into the main room.“Rarity had to go out of town and you know I am not one to make dresses.” You say with a grin.Her eyes light up when she sees you. “Are you going to watch over me again?!” Even if she is a filly you both enjoy spending time together.“Yup. For a month”“A month?!” She squeaks out.“Yeah, Rarity has some big Canterlot thing going on. So I am here for an entire month. Just you and me kiddo.”“Great! Wanna go out and help me crusade?”You adjust your shoulder from the old injury you got while crusading.“No thanks, Sweetie. I need to make sure this place is stocked for our stay anyways.”“Alright then.” She simply tosses her bag onto the ground.You clear your throat to get her attention. She looks at you, then to her back. With a large blush does she pick it up and set in on a nearby couch. “Better.” You say satisfied her things weren't lying around. “Have fun now.”Without another word, she bursts out the front door with her two little friends in tow as they go to find their cutie marks for the day. So with her off on an adventure you get ready to go shopping. It wouldn't take too long since Rarity has most of the kitchen stocked, but you haven't had meat in a while and the lack of protein can kill you. Or, that’s what you told the ponies at least. You grew up eating meat, you aren't going to change that for these damn hippies. So, with that in mind do you prepare to visit Fluttershy to get some fish.You walk into Rarity’s boutique with two rather large fish in hand. Fluttershy is a very sweet pony that has always listened and help in your time of need, with some form of flesh to eat. While handing over, Angel wasn't an option. A question you both still remember to this day... She did offer to give you some fish that she feeds to her carnivore type creatures and you were happy to accept them. Even though she offered them for free, you made sure to give her a few bits for the trouble. Fish is ok in your book and it makes you feel healthier than when you used to eat nothing but meat back on earth. Anyways. You make sure to chill the fish in the fridge while you wait till dinner time arrives. You know Rarity hates it when you put fish in her fridge, but she has learned that you need it to survive. That should be more apparent seeing as you will be here for a lot longer than usual, so you doubt she would or even could complain about it. Sweetie Belle on the others hand doesn't even care that you eat fish.So once everything is put away do you relax on the living room couch, just looking to the ceiling. You let out a sad sigh, you know this is going to be a long month. You don't have much time to think as you hear the door open and strike the little bell Rarity has set. You look over to the entrance and see Sweetie Belle covered in a substance you aren't quite sure what it is. Until you take a closer look.“Sweets, please tell me that is not what I think it is.” You say in an agitated voice.“What if I said it wasn't?” She looks around nervously.“Then I would call you a liar.” You cover your face in an attempt to calm yourself. “Please tell me how you managed to get covered in red paint?” The words muffle past your hands.“Well, my friends and I tried our hooves at painting.”“I figured that part.” You say looking right at her. “The thing I am confused about is how you became a living paintbrush at some point?”She looks like she is on the verge of tears. “W-well.. Scootaloo was on top of the barn to paint the highest parts we couldn't reach. But she dropped the bucket on me by accident, honest!”You take a deep breath and just shake your head. “It's alright Sweetie, let's just get you into the tub quick before that stuff dries in your fur. The last thing I need Rarity to do is freak out about this.” You get up and wave the filly to follow as you quickly get to the bathroom and turn on the tap. Making sure it’s warm enough for her. You turn around and see the little filly just standing there looking at the tub. “Well?” You ask, not sure why she is just standing there.“I-I can't get in.”You look to the height of the tub, then Sweetie Belle. You understand. She’s not tall enough to get in by herself. “Yeah, my bad.” You say, picking her up gently and setting her under the tap. “Now try to get as much of that stuff out before you fill the tub. Otherwise, you will just end up painting yourself more.” You inform her.She gives a little nod as you leave to give her some privacy. You know ponies don't wear clothes and that even when they wash it isn't as personal as compared to when humans do it, but you still feel it's kinda weird. So you shut the door and make yourself useful by making sure she has a few towels for her when she gets out. Now you just sit in wait for her to finish. “Can I get a little help?” You hear a calm voice call from inside. It has already been ten minutes or so. So you get up from the floor and walk into the bathroom. What you see is a nervous looking filly and her entire rear end still covered in paint.“Sweets, why aren't you clean yet?” You ask dumbfounded.“I-I” She looks down and mumbles. “What is that?” You ask.“I can't reach.” She turns away with a massive blush.At first you raised an eyebrow unsure as to what she meant. That was until it hit you like a ton of bricks. “Wait, you can't mean..” You trail off as she just nods slowly. “Can't you just use magic?”“I haven't learned how yet.” She says looking to the tub again.You let out a nervous chuckle as you try desperately to find some way to remedy this situation. Nothing comes to mind, though. You can't just leave her like this, so you go with the only option you can do at this moment. “Turn around, please.” You say as you walk to the side of the tub.She nods slowly as she turns around so her rear is under the tap. You take a knee and gently grasp her tail and tug her a little bit closer to the tap. Her entire flank is smeared in this stuff and it’s trying to dry quickly. You don't waste any time as you run your hands through her tail and flank, letting the water wash out as much of the paint as it can. You then move focus a little more on her flanks to make sure they’re clean, trying not to linger too long on various parts. Though it seems this isn't working too well. So with a sigh, you take a hand full of soap and start to lather her up. It’s doing a far better job on breaking up the paint, but you have to make sure to rub it into her coat. First you work her tail and get that all cleaned up. The next part though is going to get rather awkward.“Um, Sweets... I’m going to have to, well, clean you properly. That is going to require a lot of touching.” You gulp a little hoping she understands what you mean. She looks back to you with a blush on her face as she looks away and gives a slow nod. With a long sigh do you start at the top of her rump. Using your fingers to dig deep into her coat. You work your hands down her blank flank, one on the outside and the other working the inside of her thigh. You can feel she is getting a little hot now. Probably from the embarrassing situation, not that you’re spared from the burning flame upon your face either.You get focused again as you then lift her little hind hooves up and make sure to clean them well. Once you finish with one leg do you move from the bottom of her next one and up to her rump. While you traveled up you feel some paint on her stomach. So, you move your hands between her legs and slowly start to rub the soap in. You see Sweetie spread her legs to give you... better access. Though what you see in front of your face is a red paint covered filly cunt and plothole.You gulp again as you can't believe that she got paint there as well. You quickly look away as you go back to gently rubbing her stomach. Even feeling little bumps that you can only assume are her teats. You feel your face burning up from all this contact. You shake those thoughts away. Feeling that there’s no more paint in the immediate aren't, you feel confident that she’s clean.Your gaze drifts back to her filly hole. “Um, sweets.” “Y-yeah?” She says in a pant.“I have to clean you.” You gulp unsure how to continue this line of thought. “Your, um... entire backside.” You make sure to put emphasis on the word “entire”.That only seems to make her pant harder. “S-sure.” You close your eyes and just try to clear your mind a bit. Just a filly. Innocent and needs help getting cleaned up. Don't think too much about this. Just, do it. With that little pep talk do you lather up your hands once more and then gently run them around her most private of areas. You hear the catch in her throat as you gently work her outer lips, trying to make sure the soap does its work.Even with the paint you can feel how soft this fillies area is. You have played with Rarity and yet it seems to not even compare to how soft this filly is. You make sure to keep your molesting to a minimum as you finally have her entire rear end covered in soap. You gently tug her tail back and under the tap to clear all the paint. It seems to work well as you watch a red liquid flow down the drain. You do a quick inspection and find that all areas are paint free.“I think we are done here.” You say with a tinge of red on your cheeks still.“I still need help.” You don't even say anything as you pick her up out of the tub and set her on the ground. You walk over to the towels and drop them on top of her.“Drying too.” She says in a whisper.This shouldn't be too hard. So you take a knee again and start the rub down. You thank the towel for taking most of the sensation away. Rather than letting her dry her chest, you decide to dry her yourself to save some time. You try to look at a wall as you run the towel down her chest, desperate to think of anything but this wet filly you’re drying.. “Thank you.” “What?” You ask, having been too lost in thought to register what she said.Only to realize that you two are locking lips. Your eyes widen in surprise as you can see hers do the same. You both pull away in shock as to what just happened. You can hear your thoughts, how you think about how soft her lips were against yours.“I-I’m sorry.” She quickly says. “I was trying to kiss your cheek.” She explains.The turn to hear what someone says, only to get a kiss on the lips bit. Classic.“No, no need to apologize, Sweets. Accidents happen.” You say with a forced smile. You can see a smile on her lips as her face is entirely red. “I think I will get dinner ready.” You add on quickly as you turn to leave the bathroom.Once you close the door behind you do you let out a long breath you were holding in. You try to process what just happened in that room. You cleaned a filly in some very dangerous places. You also accidently locked lips with her. You can't help but feel a shiver run up your spine just thinking about how nice it was to have your hands all over that soft, slightly plump body of hers.“No!” You scold yourself in silence. “You got Rarity, t-this isn't even something I will humor!” With that finality said do you walk off towards the kitchen to get your meals ready.You admit that preparing food for ponies is actually really easy. Most of the time you can satisfy a pony just by simply slapping their favorite flower on some bread and they will be fine. There are ponies, like Rarity, that want a little more “class” in their food, but, for the most part, they don't go that far. Sure we humans probably perfected the idea of food variety, but there is only so much you can do with plant life.The only reason you’re thinking about this is because you can't get your mind off Sweetie Belle. You can't help but feel a certain disgust within yourself for enjoying giving that filly a wash. Never in your entire life have you looked to one of the younger ponies with lingering eyes. This, this seems different. Not in a good way either.You are so absorbed by your mental debating that you forgot to make something for Sweetie Belle to eat. So when she came in looking just as beautiful as her sister. It really didn't help your mind on what food should be made.“Do you need any help?” She asks.You gulp a little. “Yeah, sure. What are you in the mood for?” Your mind seems to flash fantasies on what you would be in the mood for with this filly.You clench your teeth to try and drown out the images.“How about some daffodile sandwiches?” She offers.Sweetie Belle isn’t hard to please. “That sounds easy.” You say as you head over to the fridge to get what is needed.You set everything onto the kitchen table and also make sure to add a little more on the side to liven up the food a bit. You know, some mayo, red onions and lettuce, all that good stuff. “I will get the plates.” She says happily.You grab a knife and start to slices the red onions and lettuce into manageable slices. You look over your shoulder slowly and watch the filly stand on a chair as she tries to reach some plates. Really stretching to get them. Showing off her curves, the roundness of her flank. How she lifts her tail and gives you the briefest of glimpses at her forbidden fruit.Now, handling a knife while not paying attention is usually not a good thing to do, seeing as bad things can happen to fingers when playing with sharp things... Lucky for you, nothing bad did happen. It’s a legitimate thought. So the filly comes back with plates in her mouth and she sets them onto the table. That’s another thing you had to get used to with these ponies. Most of them handle things with their mouths. Accepting change from an earth pony is not a pleasant thing experience. Though in time you get used to it. Humans are pretty good at adapting to things like that. “Well go ahead, kiddo. Make something.” You push over the things she needs as she sits in her seat.“You’re going to let me make it?” She asks.“Yeah, why wouldn't I?” “Rarity never lets me make anything.” She admits.“Well, It's just a sandwich. I doubt you can mess it up.”She looks unsure. You’re pretty sure you’ve let her make food before. Then again, you weren't positive of that. From what you have heard, Sweetie Belle isn't that great at cooking. “Can you help me?” She asks.Well, she doesn't have magic. You think.“Sure.”You pull out a chair and take a seat next to Sweetie Belle. You place some bread onto her plate and bring the other ingredients closer.“So what do I do?” She asks.“It's not complicated.” You bring over the mayo. “First, you want mayo on it, right?” She nods her head. “You just take the knife.” You pick it up along with the bread. “And spread it on.” After getting a good amount do you spread it evenly onto the bread. You then set the piece down and get the other slice. “Now you try.”She gingerly takes the butter knife into her mouth and dips it into the mayo. It is kinda fascinating to watch ponies using tools with their mouths. It doesn't beat the awesomeness of hands, but they can be very dexterous. To top it off, all that mouth work makes blowjobs rediculous! Maybe I shouldn't be thinking this while looking at a filly... Sweetie Belle slowly lays it onto the other piece and proceeds to spread the mayo over. “That’s perfect.” You say as she puts the butter knife away. She looks up at you with a large smile. “Really?” You give a nod. “So what now?”“Admittedly, that’s probably the hard part. Now all you need to do is stack it with what you want and dig in.” You show her by quickly making your own sandwich, which is only made of lettuce and tomato. She follows your lead and throws together her own meal and is soon enjoying it.“That was easier than I thought.” Sweetie admits.“See, it wasn't that hard to do, Sweets. You just have to set your mind on something and try. Failing happens in life, so don't be sad if what you do doesn't work out how you planned.” You pat her on the head.She looks thoughtful for a second as she looks up at you. You can see in her eyes a brief flash of inspiration come to her as she just smiles at you. You two just sit in silence as you enjoy your meals. Not much is said other than what she and the crusaders were planning tomorrow and also how their plans probably wouldn't involve paint for awhile. That was all you really needed to hear to feel better, if not cautiously optimistic. Dinner passed and the sun is going down now, time for sleep.“Well, Sweets, it's that time of the day. Go on and get ready for bed.” You instruct her as she goes on her way without a single word.You place the dishes into the sink and make sure to give them a proper cleaning before you head off towards Rarity’s room for some much-needed rest. You make sure to take a quick shower and are just in your boxers as you hop into Rarity’s satin sheets. One thing you’ll admit is this mare has taste in what she likes. This bed is probably the best you have ever slept in, hands down.So with a happy yawn do you close your eyes and get ready for a new day.Soon the light of a new day comes filtering past the curtain into the room to wake you for the morning. You slowly stir as you roll around a little trying to kick start your morning. You feel some soft fur to your side as you roll over and pull it close to your chest. “You in the mood for some fun, Rarity?” You say still in a dreamy haze.“What kind of fun?” Rarity replies back.“Oh you know, the kind that ends with us being totally exhausted and in the need for a shower.” You say with a smirk pulling her closer to your chest as your hands slowly trail down her stomach, getting close to her hind legs.“That’s a great idea!” You hear a small squeaky voice shout out. Your eyes open wide as you come face to face with Sweetie Belle. She is looking you dead in the eyes with a sultry look. “I would do anything for you.” She says in a husky voice.You sit up in shock as you look around the room. You find you’re still in Rarity’s room and Sweetie Belle is nowhere to be found. It’s already been a few days since the paint accident, but you have been plagued with these dreams lately. It also doesn't help that you have noticed the little filly has been getting a little touchy feely lately.“Just a dream.” You say to yourself as you try to calm a little. “Just another really vivid dream.” You rub your face a little as you look towards the window to see the sun now slowly rising from the horizon. Well, let's hope today can be a normal day. You get out of bed and get dressed in your normal attire. You move down the staircase and catch something in the air that wasn't so usual. Is that breakfast? You hurry down the stairs and towards the kitchen to see a set of plates on the table. Sweetie Belle notices you and pouts a little. “I was going to wake you.”You just look to the spread she has out and feel a little dumbstruck. You have heard rumors from Rarity that Sweetie belle actually managed to burn juice. BURN JUICE! What sits in front of you makes you pause for a second. There on the table is a perfectly set breakfast. Not a single thing looks burned or out of place. “Sweets, did you do this?” You ask still in shock.“Well, I got a little help from Applebloom.” She admits. “She stopped by early on but couldn't stick around.”“Be sure to thank her for me the next time you see her.” You walk over and take a seat. “Also thank you for making this, it looks lovely.” You add on. She beams at the compliment. “Thanks!” She calls out in her normal high pitched squeaky voice. She joins you at the table as you both talk a little over your early meal. It’s the weekend so she doesn't need to worry about getting ready for school. “So what’re you planning to do this weekend?” You ask her curious.She looks at you looking a little red. “I-I was hoping you and I could play something together.” You just shrug at this. Wouldn't be the first time she has offered you to join in on something“Sure.” You get up and clear the table, making sure all the dishes are in the sink.“Just follow me!” Sweetie says as she walking into the living room.You follow after her and she just stands in the middle of the room. “So, what's the game?” You ask.“How about some wrestling?” She offers.“Sweets, you know ponies weren't made to wrestle. I know I told you and your friends about it from my world and you three even tried to get cutie marks based around that. But seriously, is that a game you want to play?” You say almost desperate to not play something so high in... contact.“I think I got it down this time!” She says with a cute smile.Well, how can you deny her? You get on your knees so you are almost face to face. Still a head or two bigger even in this position. “So how we starting this?” You ask as you stretch your shoulders a little.“We go on three.” “You’re sure you want to do this?” She just gives a nod. “Alright, on your mark.”“One, two, three!” Sweetie Belle pretty much jumps on you and uses her momentum and weight to put you onto your back. I guess she has some talent in this yet. You think as you quickly wrap your arms around her and pull her body close as you shift your weight so you are on top of her. She doesn't give you a second to think as she copies your previous move.You two are rolling around laughing it up as you try to pin the other. She must have been practicing, because she is actually doing very well against you. You were certain that a pony wouldn't do too well at this sport, but she is definitely holding her own. You can't help but notice how your hands are running over her entire body in this game. You’re enjoying it a little too much though. As the bulge in your pants is clearly showing.You try to clear your mind of all these thoughts, but Sweetie Belle finds this the perfect time to strike. She flips you onto your back, straddles your already uncomfortably tight lap and uses her hooves to hold your arms down. You both just look at each other panting. You at least get the decency to remember the hardness in your pants and try to remedy the situation.“You win, time to get off.”She smirks at you. “Well, Darling. It is certainly uncouth to get off without your partner.” She says in an imitation of Rarity’s voice.You just lay there stuck in shock. Did she just say what I think she said? You remember Rarity saying something like that the first time you two had sex. “W-what was that, Sweetie Belle?” You ask hoping it was you mishearing.You feel her grind a little on your lap. “Well aren't we a little worked up?” She is still imitating her sister, she even added the little giggle at the end.“Alright, Sweets, you had your laugh, now get off.” You say in a serious tone though your face holds onto your shocked look. You see her face look a little serious. “Why?” She asks in her own voice.“The game is over and now we can stop playing.” “That's not what I meant.” She looks hurt. “Why is it that you can have fun with Rarity like that and not me!?” She practically screams.You shift a little trying to wiggle away. “Sweetie Belle, what Rarity and I do is not something we can do. Nor is it any of your business. Understand?”You look up to her eyes and see that determination. “I-I wanna be like my sister when I grow up.. S-so I want to do this!”“Do you even know what this is?” Your question definitely throws her off. “U-um, no. Not exactly.” She admits.“So then what are we going to do here, Sweetie Belle?” You say looking to her seriously now.“W-Well...” She started to move her hooves to your belt. “First we need to take these off.”You quickly snatch her hoof. “Whoa, there little filly. We are not going to do that. You don't even understand how serious what you’re trying to do is.” You say with finality, even though your raging hard on begs for you to take and defile this filly’s hole.“I-I kinda know.” She shifts a little in your lap. “I hear things at school.”She looks nervous but determined.“Sweets, please, you don't want this.” You practically plead, but the strain in your voice says something different..“B-But I do!” Dammit, she just won't give up! “A-and you do too!” You can't help but gasp, trying to form words, but she beats you to it. “I-I see the way you look at me. It's like when you look at my sister, but, more.” She then rocks in your lap getting a groan out of you. “I don't know much... But I am sure that means you are interested.” She states.She has you in a corner here. You can't deny that you have been lingering on her body more than you should have over the time passing. “You can't be serious, Sweets. What you’re talking about right now is illegal. I can get into serious trouble.” You state matter of factly.“I won't tell if you don't.” She looks to you with pleading eyes.You gulp unsure as to how to process this. “Shit.” Is the only thing that comes out of your mouth as you pull the filly into your lips. Your primal urges winning over your common sense. You shove your tongue into this filly's mouth as you take as much of her as you could. You can feel her gasp in surprise, but you don't slow down as you play with her velvet tongue. Trying to encourage her to play as well. It doesn't take her long to get the idea as she slowly starts to fight your tongue. You weren't you anymore, she wasn't her either. You both were just two souls at this moment. You both break apart with gasps for air. You just look at Sweetie as she looks down at you with a massive blush. Out of all your time here in ponyville, you have never seen a pony look so beautiful at this moment. “Let's take this somewhere more comfortable.” You say as you stand to your feet.Sweetie Belle agrees as she gets off of you as you lead her to Rarity’s room. The thought of defiling her in her sister's bed isn't lost on you, but you don't care, you want to make this perfect. You see Sweetie Belle hop up onto the bed as she lies on her back spreading her legs wide. Dammit, this filly seems to know how to turn you on without even knowing it.You drop your pants in a second and let your manhood spring to life as it begs for attention. You see Sweetie Belle take notice of your display as she scoots closer towards the edge of the bed to get a better look. She is now at the edge and looking directly at your cock. It’s weird how this simple act seems to only make you harder.“It doesn't look weird.” She examines it from afar a little until she takes hold of it in her hooves to get a better feel. “When I heard you two, Rarity said it was weird. I don't see anything wrong with it.” She looks up at you confused.You gulp a little at seeing this filly looking up to you with your cock in her hooves. “I am not sure what to say.”She just shrugs as you hold your breath when you see her lean forwards. You bit your lip as you feel this fillies tongue run over the tip of your throbbing love stick. She goes further as she takes you into her mouth and slowly bobs her head up and down. It seems she may have been practicing because you can barely contain the gasps and grunts of pleasure this filly is bringing to you.“Jesus, how are you this good?” You whisper under your breath.She pulls away with an audible pop. “I saw Rarity do this before. So I practiced with candy canes.” She admits with a juvenile smile. You can't take it anymore, you need this filly now.“Let's have a little fun, Sweets.”“What should I do?” She asks.“Just lie on your back like you did before.” You instruct her.She does as you say as you slowly climb over her. You just look at her cute face and smile.“What now?” She asks.You position yourself at her entrance. “Now we take this slow.” You say feeling an excitement grow within you.“Wait!” She calls out. You quickly back away. “What's the matter?” You ask.“T-Try the other one.”“Other what?” You ask confused.“Put it in the other hole.”You feel your mouth dry out. You smack your lips a few times. “That isn't a good idea, Sweets. You're new to this, that would hurt.” She shakes her head. “M-My sister is too afraid to let you do that. S-So I'm going to do it!”“Are you sure?” You ask with some part nervousness and another part excitement. She just nods her head. “Alright.” You say as you line up on her little star.You have to admit that this is something you always wanted to do with Rarity. To do this with her sister, in her bed as well? It’s almost enough to make you cum from the thought alone. You can already feel some precum smear against her little hole as to provide the much-needed lube. You just look at her as she gives a hesitant nod. You slowly push into her plot hole. Your eyes squint and you grunt a little from the massive resistance she is putting up. “Try to relax, Sweets.” You say in a strained tone.You hear her grunts of pain. “I-I’ll try.”You struggle desperately just to get in an inch as you push a little harder. As you were about to give up, you feel the head of your cock pop inside of her rump. You let out a grunt as the sudden change pushes your pleasure to newfound heights. You look down to see Sweetie has her eyes closed and a pained look covering her face.“A-are you alright?” You ask not wanting to harm her.“I-It feels so big.” She says between pants.You can't help but chuckle a little. “If it makes you feel better, it feels pretty tight in here as well.”That is an understatement. You thought Rarity was tight when you fucked her, but this fillies plot feels like it could crush a piece of coal and turn it into a diamond. You’re actually afraid that getting out will be near impossible. You feel Sweetie wriggle around a little as she lets out a sigh.“I-I think I am better now.” She says with a slight pant now.“Want me to continue?” She gives you a simple nod to confirm. You slowly push forward as your cock impales her deepest of places. Each inch is painful and yet holds so much pleasure. You can feel the walls of her plot try to desperately clench and push your manhood out. It’s a struggle and yet you accept this challenge. It’s getting harder to contain yourself, though. Each little gain you make almost makes your cock explode. You get about halfway in and feel that the pressure is too strong to continue.“I think this is far enough.” You say with sweat dripping from your head. “How are you doing?” You ask Sweetie.She wriggles around a little more as you hear slight moans escape her. “I-It feels much better.” She admits.“Good. Now let’s try and move a bit.” “Just go slow.” She says looking nervous.“I wouldn't have it any other way.” You say with a smile to reassure her.She smiles back as you now slowly pull out. Before her plot was trying to push you out, but now you can feel as if her ass is trying to pull you back in. You both grunt as you only have your head remaining inside of her. You let out a sigh of relief as she does the same.“Alright, let's do this.” You now gently work your way back inside. Still feeling the high resistance. Once you get halfway in do you pull out a little faster and then thrust into her with a little more speed and force. With each motion, you can feel her plot start to relax as you start to make a pace. You look down to see this filly's eyes are clenched shut, a smile on her face and a blush that is spreading like a wildfire upon her cheeks. You run your hand through her mane as to get her attention. She slowly opens her eyes and looks to you. It seems to only make her smile more as she looks at you. She leans up and presses her lips to yours. You don't hold back as you now double your pace. With each thrust, you feel your cock sink deeper into her hole. Soon your hips slam into hers as you finally manage to bottom out. You work even faster as this filly moans in your mouth. You feel her wet little cunt coating the top of your cock. You move your hand from her mane and slowly bring your middle finger to her little cunt. You dip your fingers inside and slowly start to push in. She arches as she breaks from your kiss and screams out a little. You use the juice from her excitement and press down hard onto her button. She cries out again as you feel a spray of liquid coat your cock. It only helps lube your manhood, allowing easier access to her sweet plothole. You aren't going to last much longer, though. “I-I'm...” You didn't get to finish that thought as you bury yourself as deep as you could into her ass and let loose. The sounds of her moans seem to only drive you to pump more of your love juice into her rump. You feel some of it leaking out as you just try and hold yourself up, so you wouldn't fall onto her. Once your orgasm passes do you pull out of the filly and roll over to fall onto the bed. “T-That was amazing.” You say as you look to the ceiling. “How was it for you?” You ask Sweetie.You don't get a response. As you turn to look at the filly you notice she is out cold. Guess it was a little too much for her? You chuckle a little as you throw the blanket over you two and try to get some rest.“I’m back! Is anypony home?!” You get up from your seat in the kitchen as you walk into the main room.“No ponies here.” You say with a smug grin as you see Rarity standing there, looking exhausted..“Oh, you know what I meant.” She says as she drops her 50 suitcases. She walks over to the couch and falls onto it with a sigh.You take a seat next to her. “So how was it?” You ask.“It was good, just so busy.” She looks like she is about to fall asleep. “How was Sweetie Belle?”You can't help but smirk as you think back to the last few weeks you two have shared. Ever since you and Sweets did the dirty deed, you two have become closer. Though sex is a rare thing and something you want to make sure has little to no chance of you two being caught. When you two do have sex it’s magical. That filly seemed to know a thing or two and is a very quick learner. She seems to prefer anal sex, but she also likes screwing around the good old fashion way too.“She was an angel.” You say when you look back to Rarity.“Really, not a single problem?” She looks to you with disbelief.“Not a single thing.” You reply.She accepts this as she get up from her seat and walks over to the stairs, She looks over her shoulder and noticed you are not following her.“What are you waiting for?” She asks confused. “I know I may look tired, but I still have enough energy for your... payment.” She says the last part with some disgust.You just chuckle aloud a little. “No thanks.” You say simply.“Pardon?” She looks shocked.You just shrug. “I don't think I will be needing your payment any longer Rarity.”She looks around unsure of what you just said. “What?”You get up from the couch and walk over to the door. “I will still watch Sweetie Belle if you need me too, but I don't need sex anymore.” You open the door and step out.“But wai-”You close the door behind you. Though Rarity never admitted it, you knew she liked the sex as much as you did. Though to be honest, you were tired of how she still managed to make it seem like sex with you is like a crime against nature. You look down and see Sweetie Belle looking up to you with a large smile.“How did it go?” She asks with a smile.You chuckle a little to yourself. “Forget about it, Sweets. Let’s go and have some fun.”“OK!” She screams with glee as she runs off towards your house.How did you get so lucky in this place? You look around and see that all the mares are still ignoring you. Your eyes move back to the filly that turns around to shout for you to catch up...“You're the only mare I need.” You say under your breath with a smile as you take off after her.A play date. A fucking play date! How in the living hell did you get dragged into watching this little pain in the ass? Alright, maybe we should start at the beginning. You are a human. Actually, too far. Let's start with how long you have been in this ponyland. Yeah, that's a pretty good place to start. You have been in Equestria for a few years now. You can't really complain much seeing as these ponies are all like girl scouts selling cookies. You ask for something and these ponies will probably give it to you.But that's how they get you, man! It’s like universal healthcare but with favors. Damn communists. Basically, where you’re getting at is that even if you haven't taken a favor from someone, anyone can ask you for a favor because someone else has already done a favor for someone else. Crazy shit right? Like you said, fucking communists. You can't really complain seeing as it's working pretty well for them and it does help you a lot when you ain't got shit and need help. Why are you pissy about it? For the fact that today is your day to pay up. So it was like any other day for you. Checking out a couple of mares walking by as they giggle to themselves and give you teasing glances at their goods. You’re the stud around these gals when they need some stress relief. At first you weren't gonna fuck no horse, but, a man can only last so long with no sex until even those round flanks start to look plowable. It also helps a little that these mares scream in bed like any other woman.But you’re going off topic right now. You were just enjoying the local park when a more than irate looking Filthy Rich came walking right up to you. You were kinda worried that he somehow found out that you were fucking his wife, but as it turns, out his anger was placed towards a babysitter that had to bail on watching his pumpkin. You’ve never said this to his face, but his pumpkin, is a bitch of a child. One of those kids. The ones you want to stomp to death.Anyways, you were the only available “thing”, as he put it, that could watch her and her friend. You tried to protest but Mr. Rich is, well, filthy rich. So he tossed a few bags of bits your way and you were more than happy to watch his little shit and her friend for a few hours. With that said, Filthy quickly gave you a key to his home and told you to wait until his daughter and her friend got there. He assured you he would be back soon.So there you are couple hundred bits in one hand and a key to a mansion in the other. You’ve got to say that dealing with a total bitch might have required more payment. but you’re fine with it. You never know, if it turns out well, then maybe this can become a legit gig. You have random jobs around town and it fucking sucks. You are always looking for a more stable means of profit. Even if that stable means of profit is watching Diamond Tiara. You don't waste time though as you make your way to Filthy’s home. When you first saw Filthy’s place you couldn't believe something as big as a mansion was in Ponyville. It is in its own secluded part of the town and the backyard even has a few hundred acres to its name. You can easily say the majority owners of ponyville are split between the Apple family and Filthy’s family. How Filthy is richer than the Apples has always been beyond your understanding. You stroll into the place as you have many times before. Alright, maybe not stroll but you have been around this place many times before. Let’s just say that Filthy’s wife is a filthy whore. Heh... But she does pay you, so that makes you the whore. Regardless it’s pretty cool to get paid to fuck a mare. It's like every man's dream... Well, those that dream of fucking horses for money. You shake those thoughts away as you make sure everything is ready for Diamonds return. However, there really isn't anything to do since Filthy has a maid. Shit, why couldn't he get her ass to watch his kid? Eh, doesn't matter. Basically, you just sit and wait until the monster arrives. Which doesn't take too long. Seeing as you hear someone scream at the top of their lungs.“Daddy that beast is in our house!” You look over and see a fearful looking Diamond Tiara and a not so afraid Silver Spoon. Silver Spoon knows you very well. Basically, you spend a ton of time fucking her mom and this has lead to more than a few awkward interactions. Whether she knows you plow her mom is still unknown to you. The thing is that you aren't surprised that she isn't surprised by your presence. She’s a good kid after all. You still can't understand why she hangs out with a fuck up like Diamond Tiara. “I’m here to watch you for the day.” You inform the frightened filly. You kinda like it when she’s too afraid to act like a total bitch.Her shivering stops. “You?! You’re going to watch me?!”“Sadly, yes. I would rather do other things than watch a little inconsiderate shit like you. So if it's any consolation, I don't want to be here either.”You watch her mouth fall open at the insult, Silver Spoon tries her best to hide her grin. You were hoping that would shut her up, but she quickly retorts. “Yeah? I bet you want to be over with Silver Spoon’s mom!” She makes it sound like an insult.Wow... Did she not just realize that she insulted her friend like that and not me? You look over to see Silver Spoon looking at the ground with embarrassment. You just shake your head at her response. “Seriously. Do you even think before you speak?” You ask her.“I-I think!” She looks appalled.You just facepalm. “Whatever. How about you and Spoons play in your room or something? Try not to make my stay here any more unbearable than it already is.”“Fine!” She quickly storms off towards her room.You look over to see Silver Spoon is still there. “S-Sorry for how Diamond is acting.”“You shouldn't be sorry for her mistakes.” You inform her. “Go on and play.” You say with a smile.She gives a small smile as she joins Diamond Tiara. You just let out a sigh as you pick up a nearby paper and start reading. It doesn’t really matter where you’re from, newspapers don’t really change much between dimensions. Ads and news you don’t care about. Today, Twilight fucked more shit up, both in a good and bad way. Yet another desperate ad from Quills and sofas on how they are having another sale. You can't believe someone would be dumb enough to make a store that specialized in two things. If it was just quills then maybe that would be fine, but sofas too? Those are two different things!So your reading goes on for a good while and everything is quiet as can be. It didn't take too long until Silver Spoon said her goodbyes and left back to her own home. Diamond Tiara is standing in front of you trying her best to give you the evil eye.“Can I help you?” You ask.“I’m hungry!” “Really?” You go back to reading the random book you found“Well?!” She yells.“Well, what?” “Aren't you going to make me something?” “I’ve been paid to watch you, not feed you.” You say in a smart ass tone.“Y-You can't just not feed me!” She replies.“Guess we will have to bring that up with your father when he comes back.” You say going back to reading.She walks closer and slaps the book from your hand. “Don't ignore me! I need food!”You’re getting a little annoyed now. “Did the thought of making it yourself ever cross that peanut in your head that you call a brain?”You see her get entirely red faced as she lets out a shrill scream.“Ugh! Y-You are, are a stupid” She pauses trying her hardest to think. “Monkey!”You roll your eyes. “Wow, I never heard that one.” You give a slow clap.“Feed me!” She screams.“Or what?” You ask.“O-or I’ll... I’ll tell my dad!” “What is he going to do?” You challenge.“H-He will...” She looks away thinking.“He isn't going to do jack shit.” You tell her. “He can't do anything to me, I got the princesses on my side. If anything I can have your dad on the street selling meat!” You shoot back. You see her shrink back at that. “You know, if you weren't such a bitch and asked nicely I would feed you.” You say as you pick up the book she smacked away and go back to reading.You don't get a sound from her as you read. You lower the book slightly and see that her eyes are glued to the floor as they start to gloss a little. You groan on the inside at that. Maybe you were a little too hard on the kid, hell it's not like it's her fault she is a brat. That’s just bad parenting.“Jesus christ.” You say getting up out of your seat. “Hurry up and follow.” You order her as you walk off to the kitchen.Once you enter you go over to the fridge and pull out something simple. Peanut butter and jelly, classic. You quickly slap together a sandwich for yourself before you notice Diamond Tiara taking a seat at the table. You’re about to make one for her when you notice she whispered something.“What was that?” You ask.“N-No peanut butter... Please.” She strains on the last word.You smile at that slightly as you make her a double jelly sandwich. You used to like it as double jelly as a kid. You quickly make what she asked for and set it onto the table as well as a glass of milk. She doesn't waste time as she eats her food. The silence between the two of you is very thick. You feel bad for snapping at her. Again, it isn't her fault she is the way she is. “Listen, kid.” You pause as you catch her attention. “Sorry, I said that shit to you earlier. Just been having an off day you know?”You see her face turn to a grimace. “Were you telling the truth? You know, about knowing the princess?”You chuckle. “Yeah, I know that sun butt.” You see her eyes go wide slightly. “Also that bit about getting her to put your dad on the street, yeah, that was bullshit. She’s too nice to do that. Even if I asked.” You confirm her thoughts, though. “Yes, we’re good friends if that's what you’re asking. Know Luna as well. She’s pretty cool when you get past the old English speak.”“Who else do you know?” Diamond, interested in me? Well, ain't that some shit.“Pretty much everyone. You name them and I probably met them at some time.” You hold your hands out. “Don't get me wrong. Not all of them became my friends. In fact, a lot of them hate me. But I made sure that the ones that hate me aren't as important as the ones that like me.” You admit with a grin.She scoots closer to the table with interest. “Who hates you?”You rub your chin. “Pretty sure Fancy Pant’s wife. What's her face again?”“You mean Fleur?”You nod. “Yeah, that mare.” You then look around as if checking to see if anyone is around. You know they aren't, but it’s a habit. “Wanna know why she hates me?” Diamond nods. “She wanted to pay me to give her a good time.” You see her go into a full blown blush. “Fancy Pants is my homie. I wasn't going to slam his lady like I do so many other mares.”“T-those weren't just rumors?” She asks with a red face.You pause as you look at Diamond. Slowly you register what you just said to this kid.“Oh fuck me...” You say under your breath. You then lock eyes with her. “You did not hear that from me. Understand?” You threaten slightly.“No! I-It's alright! N-no pony ever talks to me like a big pony.” She admits quickly. “I’m more mature than I look.” She says.“Still, that isn't something I should be telling you, kid. Stallions at the bar, sure. You, you need to focus on school. Hell, if I had done that then maybe I wouldn't have ended up here.” You shrug. “Thems the breaks, kid. Gotta keep living and adapt.”“So if you know all these important ponies, then why do you live in that small shack?” Diamond asks.You then raise an eyebrow at her. “Because I don't take charity, kid. I work for what I have.”You look down to see that she’s finished her meal. You take her plate and set it in the sink. “Go on and do something, kid Your dad should be home soon.” You say as she gives a nod and walks off to do whatever.(Nighttime)“Where the fuck is this cock sucking motherfucker?!” You whisper harshly under your breath. “Fucking prick says he will be back soon, god damn piece of shit still isn't here!” You pace angrily around the living room waiting for this POS. It’s closing in on midnight and he still hasn't returned! You hear a knock at that door. “About fucking time.” You mutter under your breath.You open the door to reveal a derpy pony that you know well. Also, know as Derpy. “Derpy, what’re you doing here?” You ask confused.“Oh, hello!” She says cheerfully. Then just sits there looking at you.“Derpy.”“Yes?” She asks.“What are you doing here?” You love the mare, but she is rather forgetful at times.“Oh!” She turns around and digs into her mailbag. “We got an emergency delivery.”She hands an envelope over to you. You look to see that it’s addressed to your name.“What the hell?” You ask but quickly open the letter and read it over. “Oh please, you gotta be fucking kidding me.” You say under your breath.“Something wrong?” Derpy asks, still having not left.“Filthy fucking Rich and his bullshit whorse of a wife wants me to watch their brat for an entire weekend because of a-” You pause as you find the part in the letter “Sudden spark that came back into their marriage!” You scream.“W-Well that's a good thing right? If ponies are married then they should be happy, right?” You shake your head as you pat her on the head. “Poor, poor, sweet little Derpy. I don't care if ponies are happy if their happiness affects my happiness.”“Why would it affect you?”“Because watching their kid while they fuck the weekend away isn't my idea of happiness.” You then look at her with a smirk. “I would rather be fucking you over that weekend.” She goes completely red as she tries to form a response to that. You chuckle at her again as you pat her head. “Just joking, Derpy. You’re too cute to sex.”Derpy lets out a snort of frustration as she storms away. You lean out the doorway and shout.“Hey, if you really do wanna fuck then just tell me!”You see Mayor Mare stick her head out of her home's window.“Will you keep it down! Some ponies are trying to sleep!”“You weren't too concerned about your volume last night, Ms. Mare!” You shout back. All that gets you is another snort and a window slam. Well, that made you feel slightly better, but you still have the problem of watching this kid now that Filthy Rich is fucking you over. Kinda funny, you never thought of it happening the other way around. You shut the door and turn around to see Diamond Tiara looking at you sleepily in her pajamas. “Where’s dad?” She asks.Wow, she is actually rather cute when she is sleepy. Well, time for that to end.“Sorry kid, your dad ain't coming home till Monday or so.”You see her eyes go wide as you prepare for the shout.“What?!”You shrug. “Tough shit, kid. How about this, though. You invite Silver Spoon for some kind of sleepover.” You offer.That seems to shut her up well enough. “Very well.” She walks off into her room.You let out a sigh as you crash onto the couch. “God, I hate these ponies sometimes.”The following morning you feel something poking you on the side. You swat it away a couple times but each time it comes back pressing harder than before. Your eyes snap open as you look down to see Diamond Tiara is there. “For the love of god, I swear this better be important.” You warn still groggy from your lack of sleep.“You need to walk me to Silver Spoon’s house.” She says.“Why?” “I can't walk that entire way by myself. What if I get foalnapped?!”You roll your eyes. “Believe me. Ponies would pay to not foalnap you.”Her face contorts to a pout. “I still need an adult to tell her mom that the sleepover is ok.”You let out a loud groan. “Jesus Christ, Mary and Joseph... Fine!”You roll off the couch unceremoniously. Quickly brush yourself off and walk out the door with Tiara in tow. It doesn't take too long to get to where Silver Spoon lives. In fact, you know how to get there without even thinking. Silver’s mother is your best customer. You walk up to her door and have to stop yourself from walking inside. You place a few knocks and wait.Silver Spoon answers the door. Without even pausing she turns deeper into the house. “Mom, it's for you.”Soon her mother comes into view and looks surprised to see you.“Oh! I wasn't expecting you till Tuesday.” Her face drops to a more sultry one. “Then again, I’m not complaining.”Now perhaps I should explain some things. I’m your conscious by the way. I like to talk at random times to give a little clarity to situations. Anyways. All the other mares around town are good looking in their own way, but Silver Spoons mother is what you would define as beautiful. She is probably the only pony that you actually love to stare at because she is so perfect. Perhaps I’m being too vague. Let me explain. Her mane is long and flowing like Fluttershy’s, yet it has a more human color, chocolate. Something you notice that’s standard to the Spoon family is her coat, a silverish charcoal; Slightly darker than her daughters. Those curves, oh man does she have a well-kept figure and still has a flank you can grab a hold of.The first thing you noticed about her when you first saw her was her eyes. They are a deep purple. Something you feel you can get lost into because they are so mesmerizing. She is probably the only pony you still get flustered around to be honest. If you wanted a marefriend in the future. This would probably be your first pick. Her husband has been dead for awhile, so it is cool.You shake those thoughts away.“Actually, Ms. Spoon. I'm here to see if Silver can have a sleepover with Diamond Tiara.” Now that actually caught her by surprise.“Really? Why did Filthy send you to tell me?”You chuckle at that. “Funny story. I got wrangled into babysitting Diamond Tiara for a few hours. Bu-“I'm not a baby!” Diamond interrupts.You ignore her and continue. “t then Filthy sent a message to me stating that some things came up and I would be watching her for longer.”She calms down some. “Oh. Well, I guess that is fine. Silver, sweetheart!” Silver Spoon enter the room again. “Sweetheart, how would you like to spend the night with Diamond?”“Sure!” She says happily.Her mother smiles at her. “Well, it is still an early morning. How about you and Diamond play at the park for a bit?” She then looks to you with a devilish grin. “My friend and I have some business to discuss.”Silver Spoon rolls her eyes. “Fine.”With that does she and Diamond Tiara run off to the park. You look back and lock eyes with Ms. Spoon.“Get in here.” She demands.You can't help but smile. “Yes, ma'am.”A few hours later and more than a few good aches and pains. You stagger out of Ms. Spoons home with a smile on both of your faces. “See you again.” She says with a grin as you wave her goodbye. You compose yourself and make sure that you’re good for walking. As you walk down the street towards the park you can't help but catch the blushes from the other mares. The smell of sex is more pronounced to these equines. Their noses can smell the stuff from a mile away and while you did want to take a quick shower, you wanted to be sure those two kids were alright.Soon you get to the park and are looking over the area to see a small gathering of foals.“Am too!” You hear a shout coming from within.“Are not!”You recognize one of the voices as Diamond Tiara’s. You shake your head in frustration as you walk over to the crowd.“Alright, what's going on here?” You ask aloud.Diamond Tiara looks up to you with a smug smile.“Why hello there. Here to take me home?”“Not now, I just wanted to make sure you were staying out of trouble.” You assure her, then you look at the gathering of foals. “It seems you’ve found some trouble easily enough.”She lets out a huff. “Well, it's not my fault that these babies can't stand to reason.”“We know you’re lying!”You look over and see Sweetie Belle and the rest of the crusaders giving a death glare to Diamond.“Well, it's true. My daddy paid our human friend here to spend the night with me.” Diamond Tiara says with a grin.You don't like the way she said that. “Your father paid me to watch over you.” You correct.“See!” Scootaloo came in. “We knew you were lying!”You then look at Diamond with a raised brow. “Lying about what?” You ask.She looks shifty-eyed around. “N-Nothing!” She quickly says.“Ya didn't make it seem like nuthin when ya were braggin about ur daddy payin ‘i'm for ruttin’ services.” Applebloom spits back with her own smug grin.You look to Diamond surprised. “Really?!” You are outraged. “You thought it would be a good idea to... You... You kids aren't even supposed to be talking about things like this! What I do is my business, Got it!” You scream at the crowd.They all pin their ears back and give slow nods. You compose yourself as you look down to Diamond. “You and Spoons get to your house right now before I completely lose my shit in a public place.” They take the warning seriously for once and quickly run off towards her home. You then look back to the gathering of foals. “The fuck y’all lookin at? Go play or something.” You wave the foals off and slowly follow after those two. God damn that kid is retarded or something.You walk into Filthy’s home and slam the door shut. You were still fuming after such an embarrassing thing to go through. You just walk over and fall onto their couch without a word, having not seen Diamond and Spoons hiding in the corner. “What made you say such a thing?” You say exhausted. They remain silent. “I mean, I knew what I did wasn't really a secret... But you kids all know about it too? I mean, Jesus Christ, I do still have some standards!”“S-Sorry.” Spoon says.You sit up and look at her. “Did you start it?” She shakes her head. “Then why are you apologizing?”“I don't know.”You rub your face. “If anyone should be sorry it should be Diamond.” You look to her. “Well?”“I-I was just messing with them.” She admits.“Why are you such a bitch, Diamond.” You say almost hopelessly. “You live in a kickass house. Anything you could ever ask for is given to you and yet you still act like a prick to other kids.”You see her eyes start to well up as she mumbles something. “Speak up!” You shout.“I-I just...” She looks away.You let out a sigh. “What’s the use. I ain't your daddy and sure as hell don't care.” You fall back into the couch and look to the ceiling. “Just, play in your room or something.”They both walk up to Diamonds room without a single peep. You aren't sure why you’re so mad right now. Maybe it’s the thought of messing with young ponies. Maybe it’s the thought that she said her father paid you for it. You know that isn't true, but the thought rubs you the wrong way. You decide that maybe a quick shower will clear your head some. You’re fully clothed and sitting back on the couch. You are lost in thought and didn't even notice a small pony hopping onto the couch next to you.“Diamond really is sorry.”You roll your head to the side and see Silver Spoon sitting next to you as she just twiddles her hooves.You let out a sigh. “I know she is.” You admit. “That still doesn't make it right.”She nods slowly. “I know.”“What is her problem anyways? I would’ve killed to be in her position when I was a kid.” You say aloud.Silver shifts uncomfortably. “Well, her parents don't really pay her much attention. If anything, they just yell a lot at each other.”You nod your head at that. You know that her parents are having a falling out, in fact, that's how you came to be hired by Diamond’s mother. They haven't been seeing eye to eye and she needed a way to get back at him. Plus she heard all of the stories around town on how you could make these mares cum like it’s nothing special. You never really gave it much thought on how their bad relationship would affect their kid. Now that you think about it, it does make a level of sense. She acts out to get attention, tries to make everything in her life seem better because it really isn't. Now you feel bad and that won't do. You make it a rule to not treat the young ones so badly and yet, here you are, putting down a kid that is only acting bad because of something she couldn't control.You rub your face in frustration. “God dammit.” You then look at Silver. “Alright, I get it... But why did she have to say that stuff at the park to those other kids?”You see her blush at that as she looks up to you then quickly away.“W-Well...”Now you’re curious.“Well?” You press.“S-She may have heard... Um... Stories about you.”You feel your face grow a little red from that.“From around town?” You ask.She shakes her head. “N-No... from me.”You feel stuck as that leaves her mouth.“Oh god, please don't tell me you... you were around when.” You can't finish that sentence.She nods slowly. “I may have walked in by accident once.”Her face is only getting redder and yours isn't faring any better.You slam your face into your hands. “Oh god.” You can't believe that Silver has actually seen you screwing her mother. That is like every parent's worst nightmare. While you’re not her father by any means, it is still embarrassing. Then something hits you like a ton of bricks.You then go back to facing Silver. “You told her stories... What kind of stories?”Her mouth starts to move up and down, but no sounds are coming out. “I-it..wa..I..” It seems she is heading towards a breakdown.You take a calm and steady breath. “Silver, just, tell me. I promise I won't lose my shit.”She nods her head slowly as she fiddles with her glasses.“I.. Um.. May have told her some things I saw.. As well a few dreams I had.” If her face got any redder you would’ve believed she were one of Big Mac’s kids.You let out a groan. “Dreams?” You ask in disbelief. She nods her head slowly. “Was I at least good?” You feel leave your mouth before you could register it.“V-Very.” She stutters out.You kinda just look to the sealing unsure how to respond to this.“So Diamond heard these stories and thought what exactly?” You decide to just pass this embarrassing moment.“Well,” She looks away unsure. “I’m not too sure what she was thinking to be honest. She hasn't been acting like herself lately. She’s been more touchy and complains about some aches she has.”“Aches? Is she sick?” You don't want her to be sick on your watch, who knows what Filthy would think.“I don't think so. The main reason I came down here is because she wanted a glass of water. She was burning up pretty hot too.”You let out a groan. “I really hope she isn't getting sick.”You just remain in your seat as you rub your hands against your face. Hearing all this is just too much for you to handle right now. Kids liking you, having dreams about you. While that thought doesn't sound too farfetched it is rather weird to hear one admit it to you directly. You then return to the original topic. Diamond is probably sick right now and you need to take care of her. As much as you would like to let her suffer, she is still a kid that needs help.You know you hate it every time it happens, but you need to apologize to her for the way you’ve been acting and see if she caught the flu or something.“Well, I guess I’ll see what is wrong.” You get up as Silver Spoon follows you as you go up to Diamonds room. You throw the door open.“Hey Diamond I just...wanted......to......se-”You feel your words die out as you look to this filly. On her back, in bed with a hoof between her legs. You’re positive from the smell in the air she isn't just scratching an itch. Well, the normal kind of itch anyway. She froze as soon as she heard your voice and looks up towards her door with total shock. You can see her trying to say something, but nothing comes out. You’re pretty much in the same position.You sit there dumbstruck that you just walked in on this filly masturbating. It all didn't add up in your head. Spoons told you a few moments ago she thought that she was sick? You weren't even aware that fillies did this kind of stuff. Then again, she does have her cutie mark already. Does that mean she’s matured?While this is running in your head, you notice that your more primal senses have taken over while the most logical point got buried under many questions.“Need a hand?” You feel leave your mouth almost automatically. A line you have said many times to other mares to break the ice in pretty much the same situation. As you realize what you just said you slap a hand to your mouth. You can see that she has a full blown blush on her face as she gives a small nod. You look down and see Spoons is looking up at you in shock and fully red faced.“I-uh.. That kinda slipped out.” You say trying to look everywhere but this filly on her rather lavish bed. “P-please.” You hear Diamond plead from her spot on the bed.“Diamond. No, just no. I came here to say I’m sorry.” You try to ignore the awkward situation. “Sorry for how I’ve been acting towards you lately. Also to see if you were sick but... Well, I think that might not be the case anymore.”You hear her panting harder. “Y-You h-ave to help me.” You look over and see she is actually cringing in pain. “I-It h-hurts.”You feel a piece of lead fall in your stomach. The smell in the air. Now you know why it smells all too familiar. “Oh god.. Diamond.. Don't tell me..” You look at her concerned. “Is this your first heat?”She cringes some more as she gives a slow nod.You have been with some mares in heat before. Hell, you’re the go to human when it comes to that kinda relief. So you know how intolerable and painful it can be for a mare during this time. If Diamond is really having her first heat, this is going to be rough for her.“I can't help you like that, Diamond.”She looks like she is on the verge of tears. “P-Please.. I-I promise I will be good.. It jus-st hurts so b-b-bad.”You really don't know what to do. You know there’s only one way to help her and you aren't really sure if she’s at that age of consent yet. As far as you know she is still a filly, even with her cutie mark, that doesn't make her an adult. You just see her squirming on the bed as she looks at you with some tears falling. That really pulls at your heartstrings.. Fuckin’ a.. You let out a sigh. “I’m going to burn for this. Spoons. Out.” You practically command.“Wait!”You look down at Silver.“C-Can I watch?”Now that feeling of dread becomes ungodly in strength as you just look down to this filly in disbelief.“You can't be serious?” You ask.“I-I...” She looks away.You shake you head. “Like it matters. You know what I’m about to do anyways.” You then look to her and then quickly cast a glance at Diamond. “You two understand that you ain't never going to talk about this shit for as long as you live, right? Anyone asks and you two deny it. I don't care if you want to make others jealous. You keep this shit to yourselves. Understand?” You warn with no sympathy.Spoon nods as you look over to Diamond. She is still in pain but quickly nods.“Spoons. Go and make sure this place is on lockdown. Every window, door, I don't care. If it has a lock, lock it. The last thing I need is Pinkie Pie popping out of the freezer.” She quickly gives a nod as she runs out. You slowly walk over to Diamond and take a seat next to her on the bed. You look her in the eyes.“You are never to speak of this. I want you to truly understand that this shit is serious. You either keep this a secret or I lock you in this room to suffer through your heat.” She shivers at the cold gaze you give her, but this time slowly nods in full understanding. You let out a sigh as you see Silver return, slamming the door to Diamonds room and locking it. She turns around panting for having sprinted all over this mansion. “I can't believe this is happening.” You mutter as you look at Diamond again.You slowly lean towards her and see she is frozen solid.“Seriously, kid, relax or else this shit will feel even weirder than it does right now for me.” You say trying to calm her.“W-What are you doing?” She asks.“Simple. I’m going to kiss you.”“W-Why?”“Because that's how we start this. We kiss each other, do some foreplay, then we can take things slower. Little secret, mares like to feel like their being loved when I have sex with them. So I treat them like they’re the world.” You reply.“So you don't love any of them?”You shake you head. “No.”“What about me?”“Honestly. We don't know each other. What we're about to do is not love, it is simply sex. I’m going to help you feel better during your heat. Don't get confused about that. I don't want you growing up with fucked up ideas like that. What we're about to do is just sex, but that doesn't mean I’m not going to treat you right.”She gives a slow nod at your explanation. It’s true. Though this may just be sex, you weren't going to treat her like some whore. This is the main reason why you have won over so many mares in this place. Most of the stallions rut, you give the illusion of making love. You make it clear you don't want to have a relationship, but they also know that you aren't going to leave them in the cold. Call it a slight weakness but you like to think of yourself as a gentleman.You see she is calmer looking now as you slowly lean in and gently press your lips against hers. You can feel her freeze up some at the contact. You can't help but smile a little at her current behavior. She is always so boastful and yet when she is put into a situation she doesn't have any experience at she is just a scared little filly. You gently push into her more as she does the same. You make sure to be extra gentle with her.Slowly you run your hands up and over her chest and then slowly down her back. Ever little motion sends a shiver down her spine. Unicorns have sensitive horns, Pegasi have wings. Earth ponies just loved to be touched. Any touch and it’s bliss to them. Hot spots are their ears. Something you take account of as you break your simple kiss from her to nibble gently at her ear. Another shudder is your reward.You spot Silver from the corner of your eye. You can see her face is full blown red and she is panting some. You have never had another pony watching the action before. You silently curse the surge of adrenaline that is coursing through your veins right now. The excitement is slowly making you turned on to a point you have never felt before. Such simple acts are now dangerous and yet so addicting.You return your attention to Diamond. You give her a gentle kiss to her forehead as you use a free hand to remove her tiara. Making sure to set it on her stand next to the bed. You then trail your kiss from her forehead and down back to her lips. This time, you can feel her push into you without your help. You smile again as you decide to step it up a notch. You gently push your tongue out and run them against her lips. You hear a small squeak of surprise from her.That doesn't last long as she hesitantly opens her mouth. You enter in and start your search for her tongue. It wasn't hard to find as she tries to copy your movements. You soon push and wrap your tongue against hers as she lets out a low moan. You relish in this filly’s flavor. You have tasted many mares, but she tastes the sweetest for some reason.Though you want to stay like this forever you know she can't last long so you pull away as she looks to you with lidded eyes. Panting away from her first serious kiss.“How’re you doing?” You ask gently.“F-Fine.” She pants out.“Ready to move on?” She nods eagerly. “Just keep relaxed.” You instruct her.She nods her head as you kiss her lips once more before you once again start to trail small kiss down from her lips to her chin, her chest. Every kiss sends an uncontrollable shiver through her as you slowly start to near the prize. With one last kiss to her stomach do you pull back and look at her marehood. It definitely is smaller than average mares and looks impossibly tight. Though that could mostly be from her heat, seeing as it looks rather puffy.. That isn't on your mind right now. You need to focus at the task at hand. You lean in and give a long lick on the inner part of her thigh. You hear another moan escape her as you continue to tease her some. Just licking around her swollen marehood but never touching it. One you’re sure she has had enough do you give one long lick to her private, making sure to spread her lips as you trail up to her button. The reaction is immediate and like music to your ears. She lets out a small gasp and bucks her hips. You don't let her recover though as you decide to go full force on her. You dive in with your tongue and lick every part of her with a furious pace. Her small gasp has turned into full blown screams as she uses her forehooves to try and push you into her more. You smile internally as you start to get into the groove. Making sure to suck on her button for a few seconds before you return to licking her. She’s panting pretty hard and can't stop her uncontrollable moans.“I-I.. I- t-thin” You hear her trying to talk.She doesn't get to finish as you bring her to her breaking point. She pulls your head into her pussy as you feel her walls clamp shut and a rush of liquid spill into the back of your throat. It’s rather rude to leave such a mess. So you swallow and lap ever bit of her that you can manage. Soon her orgasm dies out as she falls onto the bed exhausted.You get up and wipe some of the fluid from your chin. “So how was it?”“I-it was, great.” She says panting a storm.“You ready for more?” You ask hesitantly.She shakes her head. “I need a-a breather.” You then see her eyes travel to something behind you. “C-can you help my friend?”You look over your shoulder and see that Silver has a hoof between her legs and is panting a storm as well. You’re surprised by this and not really sure how to think of this request. Though the piece of steel in your pants obviously had no problems with this.“Uh..” you aren't sure how to respond. What do you have to lose? “What the hell.” You walk over to Silver as she looks up to you shocked. “You want in?” You ask her seriously.She nods her head slowly in disbelief for a moment before you sit on the ground in front of her. You were about to gently lie her down but were surprised when she pulls away from you.“Is something wrong?” You ask.“I-I want to do something.” She says not looking at you.“What would that be exactly?”“C-Can you t-take your pants o-off?” She looks at you for a second before turning away.You aren't sure what she is getting at, but you nod.“Alright.” Slowly you unbuckle your pants and pull them off quickly. Your manhood standing at full attention. The filly now looking straight at it with wide eyes. You have had a lot of mares look at your manhood before but goddamn did it feel awkward as hell when a filly does it. You notice that she is slowly scooting closer to you. You actually freeze up a bit as you see her start to lean closer to the head.“Silver?” You ask uneasily.She doesn't say anything as she opens her mouth and takes the tip of your head in. You actually have to stifle a moan as this happens. She slowly licks your head as she trails down your length briefly before she returns to the head. Take more in with each bob you can't believe how well she is doing and by god is it fucking good. You see her slowly start to lie down on your left thigh as she angles your cock to remain in her mouth. She gently sucks on the head as you see she uses her new position to trail one of her hooves between her legs as she slowly starts to masturbate again. You can't help but feel some precum escape you at this sight. She is just lying there with her eyes closed, sucking your cock and working herself over. You can't believe how much you're enjoying this to be honest. But you slowly feel her start to pick up the pace as she takes a little more of you deeper and sucks a little harder. You can feel yourself getting close to the end soon. Her little moans send a shiver up your spine as the smell of her arousal fills the air. You can't hold off anymore as you bust your load into her mouth. She shows little surprise as she just continues to suck on your head until your were dry. She rubs a few more times before she gives a loud moan and shudders in place.When she is done does she let go of your cock. You’re both panting a storm as she just looks at you with a tired smile. “T-That was what I always dreamed.” She admits with a blush.You feel yourself slowly stand at attention again. “Don't worry, this dream isn't over yet.” You say as you pick her up and walk over to the bed. You look to Diamond. “You good to go?” She nods her head. “Good. We’re going to try something a little different.”“What do you mean?” She asks.You gently set Silver on top of Diamond so they are facing each other. “I’m going to service you both at the same time.” You inform her.They both look to you and then each other with a massive blush. “W-While we’re so close together?” Silver asks.You nod. “Don't worry. It makes it easier.”“Alright.” Diamond relents.You climb onto her bed behind them as you look to both of their little cunts. You honestly are still in disbelief that this is even happening. Your lack of belief isn't going to stop you. You’re as hard as steel and have thrown your morality out the window. You’re going to enjoy this little romp. You guide you cock to Diamond’s marehood and just rub your head against her soft lips. You hear her gasp some as you continue up and make contact with Silver’s next.You’re loving their little reactions as you continue to tease them some. “Put it in!” You hear Diamond say with frustration.You stop. “What do we say when we ask for something?”She looks to you with a panicked expression. Like she is desperate to think of the answer.“P-please?” “Well, since you asked so nicely.” You grin as you slowly start to push into her. Her eyes light up in surprise as you slide into her. Weird how the heat is actually making her looser rather than tighter. Usually for mares it makes them really tight but for Diamond you just feel yourself sink in deep. Even so much as to break past her hymen without so much as a bit of resistance.You look down a little concerned but is seems she didn't even notice. You just shrug as you gently pull out of her and hear the little moan escape her. You don't make her wait any longer as you thrust hard into her. She lets out a small cry as she clenches her eyes shut. You slowly start to build your pace. Though it seems that she is only getting louder with every thrust she takes.“Silver, keep her quiet. This place isn't soundproof.” You warn.“H-How?” She asks unsure.“Kiss her.”She looks at you wide eyed and then back to Diamond. They both look to each other hesitantly but slowly she leans her head down and makes contact with her lips. You feel your cock twitch as they slowly start to kiss each other. Diamond actually showing Silver the ropes as you work her over. Every moan and scream are muffled from the two fillies as they make out.“Jesus Christ.” You mutter under your breath as you feel Diamond walls slowly starting to tremble. She’s getting close. You keep working her harder. Using a free hand to gently massage Silver’s slowly moistening bits. You can see her eyeing you out of the corner of her eye as she is still locked lips with Diamond. This just seems to spur you forward as you drive deeper into Diamond. Suddenly her walls clamp and you hear a very loud but muffled moan trying to escape Silvers' lips. Slowly you can feel her little cunt trying it's best to milk your seed, but you weren't done yet. Far from it actually. You still have one more pony to satisfy and if you are going to be known for anything, it’s going to be known for never leaving a mare hanging. You gently pull yourself out of Diamond and push your cock against Silvers' lips. The slick juices smearing against her. Perfect for lubrication.“You ready?” You ask her.Without hesitation, she gives a nod. You try to bury yourself into Silver like you did with Diamond, but Silver isn't the same case. She’s tight as hell. It feels like you’re trying to push your dick into a pipe that is three inches too small. You grunt slightly in a mixture of pleasure and pain. Silver is panting a storm and letting out little moans. Finally after what felt like forever you had bottomed out. She didn't have a hymen luckily, you can only assume it was lost in a fall or something. Seeing as she wouldn't be this tight if she had sex before. Still you don't move so quickly so she can adjust a little to your size. You wouldn't be surprised if your cock ends up black and blue tomorrow, but that’s something for future you to worry about.You gently work your way out of her as her marehood clenches against you, trying with all its might to pull you back in. With a sigh, you finally escape her depths. Letting her catch her breath for a moment you quickly thrust all the way back in. She throws her head up with a loud moan. You couldn't really stop her and Diamond is unconscious, so she couldn't stop her. So you just let it be. She isn't that loud anyways. You keep working her over. Using your hand to rub her swollen button. Each thrust and you can feel her loosen more as the juices from her sex start to lube her nicely.You’re now slamming into her with force. Each push would elicit a small gasp as she tries her hardest to catch her breath. But you’re relentless. Pounding her little ass with as much force as you could manage but making sure not to go too overboard as well.“I-I can't.. I-I’m.” She’s totally lost in bliss as she mutters nonsense.You can feel the pressure building inside of her and yourself. This is going to end soon so you double your efforts as your cock is practically a blur as you slam into her. She’s gasping for air as she finally hits her peak. You feel her clamp tight onto your manhood as you forcefully pull out once more and then slam all the way to the hilt. You let go as you feel load after load paint this fillies walls white. Her insides greedily accepting all you can give. You let out a huge lungful of air as you then come back to reality. An earth shattering orgasm if you ever had one. After her marehood was done claiming it's prize do you pull out of her and fall onto the bed next to them. You look over to see they are still lying on top of each other and sound asleep. You always thought Silver looked cute but Diamond looks adorable when she is asleep.You let out another sigh as you process what you’ve done. Honestly. You can't take it back now, so there is no point is thinking about it. Just a one time deal.It was not just a one-time deal. Those two fillies practically road you through that entire weekend. As those days went on you started to give fewer fucks, so, with that in mind did you give them fucks.. Heh.. Anyways. You three have been having the time of your life. Diamonds heat died down, but that didn't mean she was done with you. She and Silver made it very clear that they enjoyed your company and would like to have a more regular relationship.They agreed to never tell anyone of what you did together whether you agreed or not. Honestly, you accepted. These two really turned you on in ways you never realized before. Does that make you sick? Who the hell cares. You practically ran through most of the mares in ponyville. What would it mean to service a few fillies on the side?“So you really have to go?” Diamond asks.You look to her and nod. “Sorry, kid, I have to go and your dad said he would be back in a few minutes.”“Can Silver and I visit sometimes?”“Sure, I don't mind.” You say with a shrug.“Alright. Well, I’m going to clean up my room some.” “Go ahead.” You say as she takes her leave.You hear a knock at the door. You walk over and answer it. Oddly enough you see Filthy standing there. Why did he knock?“Hello-”You punch him in the face. You had to keep up appearances after all. He knows you don't like his daughter. If you suddenly cared, that might tip him off.“Good to see you.” You say with some hate.He laughs some from his spot on the ground. “I should’ve expected that.” He admits as he reaches into his jacket. You just stand there waiting as he pulls out another bag full of bits. “Overtime.” He says simply enough.You snatch the bag away from him.“Have a pleasant day, Mr. Rich.” You say smugly before taking your leave.You couldn't wait to get home and get some much-needed rest. You were already in the middle of town when you notice a lone mare standing a few feet in front of you. One eye looking at you and the other at the sky. Her face in a scowl. “This can't be good.” You say to yourself. Derpy comes right up to you and takes your sleeve into her mouth. She starts to drag you away. “Where are we going?” You ask.She spits your sleeve out before looking at you. “You and I are going to have sex! I’m tired of being seen as the cute and cuddly pony. I’m a mare! I have needs too!”You smile. They’ll have to call me the muffin man after this.You’re sitting in sugar cube corner enjoying a few cupcakes. It has been a killer working with Twilight sorting her latest shipment of books but she is paying you well and you honestly like to help Twilight. She is a very nice pony, albeit rather shy around you. The job didn't take too long but is taxing on your body. You let out a small sigh as you take another sip of your glass of malk. Though it seems that your relaxation time is coming to an end soon.“Oh dear, how could we’ve forgotten!” You hear coming from upstairs.“I don't know, Hunny bun, but we need to get everything ready!”Seems the Cakes have something important going on again.“Pinkie!” You hear them shout. Not a single pink blur came to their call. You hear their hooves clopping feverishly down the stairs as they round the corner and look around the store. Once they see you do they let out a sigh of relief. Mrs. Cake comes up to you panting slightly. “I really hate to ask you of this on such short notice but can you watch little Pumpkin for us?”“Just Pumpkin?” You ask confused.She nods. “Yes, She has a little cold and Pound is at a daycare with all the other little foals.”You aren't sure how to respond, but you can see how desperate she looks.“Um, alright. How long am I watching her?”“Just a few hours. I’m sure Pinkie will be back soon.”“Ok. I’ll just be here then.” You finish lamely.She thanks you repeatedly but is cut short as Mr. Cake rounds the corner with a giant cart full of ingredients.“Let's go, Hunny bun! We’re late enough as is!”Soon he speeds out the store as Mrs. Cake gives one last thanks to you and follows quickly after him. You are still sitting there rather dumbstruck at all that has happened. Now you got a gig watching a foal. Weird how life gets sometimes. You shrug as you decide it’s probably a good time to check on the little tike. You make your way upstairs and enter the twins rooms. In her crib, you can see clearly that Pumpkin is in there just baby talking to some dolls. It’s the most adorable thing you have ever seen to be honest. Though your presence seems to not go unnoticed as she turns towards you with a squeal of delight. For some reason or another, foals think you’re the funniest thing they have ever seen. Maybe it is because you’re so tall or maybe it’s your face. You don't take it as an insult, you like to see foals happy.You walk over to her crib and start to baby talk at her.“Awe aren't you just the cutest little pony I have ever seen.”She is giggling some as you wriggle your fingers to tickle her some. She continues her baby talk as you stop your attack on her. Though, now that you look at her, you start to feel a weird feeling stirring within you. This little foal is oddly making you hor-“OK, THAT'S IT!” You shout as you look to the camera.“What's wrong?” You director, Sal, asks.“What's wrong? What's wrong?!” You shout. “This entire thing is wrong!”“Just follow the script and you’ll be fine.” He says as he flips through it.You let out a groan. “This is too weird for me, man. I mean, this is even weird for you. Can't we at least age her up? Look at her!”You both look over to Pumpkin as she starts to teeth on those weird water ring things.“She is totally asking for it.” Sal says.“Come on! You can't be serious!” You are still in disbelief over this chapter.“I am too serious! Now go and fuck that foal!”“I will not fuck that foal!”“You fuck that foal now!”“No!”“Yes!”“No!”“Si!”“I will not fuck that foal and that's final!” You say with conviction.Sal lets out a groan. “Come on, it isn't that bad. Just...” He looks over at the little foal as she rolls around giggling. “Ok, maybe it is that bad.”“Like I said. This is too far even for you.” You say.He lets out a sigh. “Yeah, I guess you’re right.”“Can we age her up some?” You ask.He shakes his head. “Nah, this has kinda killed my mood.”“Brainstorm?” You offer.He nods. “Yeah, let's head back to the office and brainstorm some ideas.”You pat Sal on the back. “Don't worry, we’ll think of another filly to fool.”He nods sadly. “Yeah, I know we will. I just fear the day when we’ve already violated them all.”“There are always Oc’s?” You offer lamely.He rolls his eyes. “Yeah, right.”“That is a pretty bad idea. Let me get you a drink and then we can hit the office.”“A drink sounds heavenly right now.” He admits.“Hey!”You both turn around to see the Cutie Mark crusaders, Babs, Diamond Tiara and Silver Spoon looking to you both with half-lidded eyes.You look to him with a smile as he mirrors the same. With joy, you both shout out.“Filly orgy!”You can't help the smile on your lips as Derpy drags you through the streets of Ponyville towards her home. Honestly, you’ve never thought of having sex with Derpy before. Then again, you don't think of having sex with any mare. They just kinda come up to you and be like Do you know where Bonbons candy store is? and you’re like If you want something sweet to suck on then why not come back to my place?. You scratch your chin in thought. Now that I think about it. Maybe I do proposition mares a lot? Eh, let's say it’s 50/50. You can live with that statistic.“So we’re really going to do this Derpy?” You ask once those thoughts settle.She spits out your hand as she turns to you with a frown. Which you must admit looks adorable on her.“Yes! I’m tired, work hard every day and never get a single thanks! Everypony just thinks their mail is delivered by magic! No, it’s me that gets up every morning to give them their mail and packages! I’ve had this itch and you’re going to help me scratch it!” She finishes that and takes your hand into her mouth again as she pulls you. You pull your hand away and she turns to face you again. You take a knee as you smile at her.“Derpy, you don't need to drag me. Like I said before, all you needed to do was ask.” You lean in and give her a soft kiss on the forehead. That seems to bring out her surprise as you just chuckle. “I gotta say that I like this new assertive Derpy, though.” You quickly smack her ass, a loud crack is heard in town. You lean into her ear to whisper. “I saw that flank destroy town hall. I have to wonder which one of us will break first?”Derpy trembles in place with a large blush as you lean away from her with a toothy grin. This seems to make her shiver more as she quickly trots off to her home. You’re right on her tail the entire way with a huge grin on your face.You enter into Derpy’s home. Honestly, you weren't really looking at the decor right now as this mare quickly trots up to her room. You follow her without a word as she slams her bedroom door closed behind you. You keep walking and take a seat on her bed.“So, you come here often?” She asks.That kinda confuses you. “Um, no?” You answer.“Oh...”It then goes silent. “Derpy, what’s the matter?” You ask seeing how nervous she is.“Well, I might be losing my edge.” She chuckles nervously with a large blush.This happens a lot in your line of work. The mare finally gets you into their home and then they just clam up. You get up and walk over to Derpy. Taking a knee once more. You use your hand to force her to face you. You look into one of her eyes while the other is looking at your pants. You quickly pull her into a kiss and feel her freeze up at the contact. You gently push your tongue into her mouth to spice it up a bit. She replies in kind as she slowly starts to build her confidence back. Before you know it, you can feel her desperately pushing back now as you both lock in an epic battle of the tongues over who will win. Though no one goes home a loser in this battle. You both pull away panting heavily now. Her eyes half-lidded as she smiles at you.“Wow...” Is all she says breathlessly.You smirk at her. “Wanna take this somewhere more comfortable?” You ask.She nods enthusiastically as she flies over you and onto her bed. You quickly take off your shirt but leave the pants on. Might as well take this slow. You see Derpy is lying on her bed now, back propped up against the headboard as she looks at your exposed chest. Her face completely red.“I’ve never seen you like this before.” Derpy giggles like a school filly. “I-I like it.”You chuckle at her comment. Believe it or not Derpy and you are actually very close. Ever since you arrived on this planet all those years ago, she has been one of the ponies that have supported you through it all. When all these ponies ignored you at first, she always talked to you or just spent time hanging around you. She even told you stories on how she has a hard time dealing with ponies as well. Even going as far as to say that ponies in Ponyville still make fun of her.You put a stop to that, though. It was one of the first things you did after you became friends with Celestia and Luna. You found these ponies and beat the living shit out of them. They all had read the newspaper that was released the day before telling of your close relationship with the princesses. That was enough to keep them quiet all on their own. You never told Derpy that but ever since then she has always been happier. Happy Derpy is best Derpy in your book. She helped you so you helped her.It is because of that that you’re going to make sure to treat her right. You don't say anything as you walk over to her and take a seat next to her. You lay your hand onto her chest and gently rub down from her chest to her stomach. Her blush growing more by the second.“T-That feels good.” She says with a content sigh.You bring in your other hand to trail down her sides as you end at her cutie mark. You gentle squeeze it, kneading it. Giving as much attention to it as possible. You can hear small gasps come from Derpy as you play with her mark. You trail down her stomach now, ending when you feel two small protrusions. You grab one between your fingers and lightly squeeze. That gets you a moan in return. You look up and see Derpy looking at you with her half lidded eyes, a large blush covering her face.You smile back at her as you lean in and take one of her nipples into your mouth. A squeak can be heard from her as you gently suck on it. Nibbling, licking, even pulling slightly. The moans start coming out of her now. You make sure to not leave her other nipple unattended as you pinch and pull it. You can feel the heat starting to radiate from her sex. Being so close you want to just dig in but you restrain yourself. You stop your work on her nipple and decide to give some attention to the other. Repeating the same technique as you had on the other. Derpy is still in her reclined positions, so you look up and see her looking down at you with half lidded eyes, baited breaths and a full blown body blush. You pull away from her now and lean up to kiss her again. She doesn't even hesitate as she uses the tips of her wings to guide you to her mouth. You both hungrily attack the other as your tongues twist and turn in a fiery passion that has long been ignored. Having had enough, you both pull away panting again. You would be lying if you said you weren't turned on by now. In fact, the hard on pressing against your jeans is screaming to breed this mare, but you still hold off. You look to one of her wings that are outstretched. You gently take it into your grasp and run your hand down the length of it till you reach the base. You can see Derpy looking at you wide-eyed now as you gently press into the wings nerve cluster. Her eyes roll back as a large moan escapes her. You can't help the smile that comes to you as you massage her wing in ways she probably has never had before. You can even feel the deep knots and decide to work them out while you were there. You bring your other hand into the action as you start to slowly work her other wing. The dual stimulations are making her twist and turn some as moans escaped her. The smell of her arousal is filling the air now. Once you feel the knots all taken care of do you finally pull away from her.The look she is giving you now is one of hunger. You know very well that teasing a mare for too long gets them into a certain mood, but you always found that to be a mood you like.“P-Pants.” Derpy says between labored breaths.You do as she says and take your pants off. Your erection springing to life. Her eyes widen only slightly but then fall to half lidded again as she gives you a sultry look. Without another word, she pushes you onto your back and takes you member into her mouth. You have to bite your lip to stop the moan from escaping you. Derpy is taking you to the base with no problems, just looking up into your eyes the entire time. She is really good to be honest. She sucks, pulls and bobs with the timing of a pro. You clench your teeth from her situation.“Jesus, Derpy.” You say under your breath.She is now working you faster and harder. You know what she wants and you aren't going to disappoint her. You allow yourself to relax as she picks up her pace. You’re getting close and you can see the hungry look in her eyes. Once you felt close to bursting you give her a forewarning.“Derpy, I'm close.”She doesn't stop or slow as you feel the smile on her lips as she continues to bob up and down you length. You don't hold back as you finally hit your peak. You can feel your spunk flow into her hungry mouth as she closes her eyes and starts to suck you dry.You rest a hand on her head as you play with her ear some. She soon opens her eyes and looks up to you as she pulls off you cock with an audible pop. She giggles some at her antics while she slowly starts to climb up you.“Y-You’re definitely not like a stallion.” She says breathlessly. She starts to rub her wet slit on the tip of your manhood. “T-They’re usually finished by now.”You chuckle at that. The stallions here aren't known for being able to last long in bed or have great endurance. The longest stallions last is a few minutes at best and mostly can only handle one go per night. You, on the other hand, didn't earn the title of stud for nothing. After the first pop, you can last a hell of a lot longer and even have as many goes as the mares want. Which during heat season is killer on your pelvis.“You look like you want to continue?” You say with a smirk.She gives you a goofy grin before she slowly starts to lower herself onto your cock. What you found out immediately is that she is actually rather hot inside. More so than other mares. Another thing is that she is squeezing the shit out of you as you go deeper into her. You can hear little oh’s escape her every now and then until she hilts you.You both let out a sigh of relief as she settles to the new feeling. “O-Oh it feels so good.” She says with a happy sigh.She slowly raises her nice flank as you grab both her cutie marks and give a hard squeeze. She chokes back a large moan before slamming down onto your cock, burying you deep inside her.“Oh fuck!” You say from the sudden feeling.She leans in and gives you a kiss on the forehead before she tries to raise herself again. That is until a knock is heard coming from her door. You both freeze up as the door slowly opens. Derpy, in a panic, reaches for the blanket and tosses it over her rear where you’re clearly buried inside of her. She then lays on top of you to try and hide you. All you can do now is listen as Derpy looks nervously at whoever walked in.“Mom, what is all that noise?” You cringe some inside, that’s Dinky’s voice.“N-Nothing, muffin. J-just go back to sleep, alright?” Derpy says nervously.You let out a grunt as the feeling of her marehood squeezes the life out of you cock. Holy hell, you can actually feel how surprised she is.You then hear something that sounds like sniffing. “W-What's that smell? It smells really good.”You can feel some redness at this entire situation. You already had to deal with some fillies earlier today, this is getting ridiculous now. But you know Derpy wouldn't do anything.“Just go to sleep, Dinky. Mommy is busy with something.” She tries to sound more motherly, but you can hear the moans she is trying to hold back.“Are you eating muffins in bed again?” You hear a sniffing in the air. “I swear I smell something good.”“I told you, mommy doesn't eat muffins in the bed, Dinky.”You swear if this kid doesn't leave soon you’re are going to lose it! You love Dinky and all but holy shit Derpy’s inside are crushing the life out of your dick!“Who’s that in bed with you?” Dinky asks.You feel your breath stop.“W-What, Dinky?” Derpy asks.“I see feet. Oh! Is that who I think it is!” She sounds excited.You then hear hooves scramble over to the side of the bed as your eyes look over and see Dinky smiling brightly at you.“Hi!” She says happily. “Um, hi, Dinky.” You say nervously.“What are you doing here in my mom’s bed?”You think for a split second of what to say. “We’re just having a sleepover.” You answer.“Really?”You look to Derpy and nod. “Yeah, just a sleep over.”You then see her lift her muzzle and sniff the air.“Where you two making treats? I can smell something.”“Um... Something like that. Anyways, Dinky, your mother and I are really tired and want to sleep.” You give a fake yawn. “Yeah, real sleepy.”She smiles brightly at you. “Ok! See you tomorrow!”With that does she leave back to her own room. You can't help but let out a sigh alongside Derpy as the door closes.“That was a close one.” You say aloud. Derpy nods. “One second.” She flies over to the door and locks it this time. She locks eyes with you. “Round two?”You can't help the smirk. “Come and get it.”“This mission is not to be taken lightly. Do you understand?.” Celestia asks you.“Command me and I shall follow without question, my princess!” You reply back while you are bowing on one knee.“Good, now rise and follow me.” She says as she walks down the hall. You rise from the floor and follow after her without a word. “I need you to protect somepony.” Celestia informs you. “You need to treat this pony as if she is your entire world. If you find yourself in a situation where you have to choose between myself or this pony. You will choose her without a single thought.”You contain your shock. To think that your princess actually puts this pony above herself? Who could it possibly be? You’ve not seen mane nor hoof of a noble worth more than the princess herself. Not even a dignitary would ever be put above her own well-being. You wish to question her, but you hold your tongue. She’s never steered you wrong, nor has your faith in her been abused.“I know that must be hard for you to hear.” She stops in the middle of the hallway to face you. “You’ve been protecting me for so long. Ever since I found you in my garden all those years ago, you have become the greatest guard ever to walk the castle grounds.” She takes a few steps towards you. Your guard training is screaming at you to take a step back, but you know that she wants to get this close.“You have been, much more than a guard as well.” She speaks huskily into your ear. She pulls back though before anything gets too heavy. “Now you must protect this pony. If you can complete this task, I will give you anything you desire. Retire and I will make sure that the rest of your days are lived in luxury.”You gulp some at that. Who the hell is this pony? To think the princess would offer such a thing to you. You have seen and fought many things. None of them worth what the princess is offering you. This pony must be the creator of this world for all you know.“Permission to speak?” You ask.She nods. “You should know that you need not ask.”“This is all so sudden. Who is this pony? How could they possibly mean more to me than you?”You can only watch as she continues that smile of hers.“Spoilers.” She giggles just before she turns away from you and continues down the hall. “We’re almost there.”You follow again without question. Still, you can’t help but wonder who this pony is. It seems laughable to think they are worth more than Celestia herself. You are a guard, orders are orders.The two of you stop in front of a door. Nothing too fancy, just one of the spare rooms in the castle. “She’s in here. Try to stay behind me and not look so scary.” Celestia says.“You know I stand two heads taller than you, right?” You quickly realize how freely you spoke as you straighten up some.Celestia just giggles at you. “I guess you’re right. Just, take the helmet off. She’s rather shy.”You give a nod as you take off the custom helmet Celestia had made for you. She looks you up and down for a second and gives a few small nods.“You know, I like you better without the armor.” She states.You feel a slightly blush build on your face. “It’s part of the uniform, Princess.”She arches her brow at you, a small grin now showing. “Hmm? Well, I think you loosen up far more when you’re not on the job.” You can feel her ethereal tail traveling up your thigh. You continue your stoneface as she tries to get a rise out of you. You notice her pouting slightly as she gains not a single flinch from you.“You’re no fun.” She states.“Not while on the job, Princess.” You respond.She chuckles. “Such dedication. Let’s not keep our guest waiting.”Celestia uses her magic to open the door wide open. You make sure to follow behind her and not look as intimidating. Being taller than most ponies, however, makes that nearly impossible. Your eyes scan around the room for whoever this pony is. You feel a brow raise as you spot something else entirely. There’s a little filly with her back turned to you and the princess. Many stacks of books surround her.Celestia looks back to you, then nods her head at the filly. Wait, she isn’t implying that you’re protecting this filly? She turns back and walks over to the filly.“How are you, Twilight.” She speaks gently.“Great! I’ve never seen these books before!” The filly speaks up in excitement as she turns to her princess.Celestia smiles at her. “That’s good to know. Is it alright if I pull you away for a moment. I want you to meet a good friend of mine.”You watch as the filly nods quickly. Celestia continues smiling as she looks up at you. The filly follows her gaze as she looks at your legs. Her eyes slowly grow as she travels higher and higher. It seems to take forever just for her to get to your face. She’s just sitting there looking at you with wide eyes.“Say hello.” Celestia urges the filly.That snaps her out of her daze as she gives a nervous chuckle.“I-I’m-m Twilight.” She says hesitantly.You kneel down so you aren't as imposing. You then offer her your hand.“Nice to meet you, Twilight.”Twilight looks to your hand and tilts her head slightly in confusion. Celestia giggles at you a bit before she comes to help.“It’s a custom of his people, Twilight. Place your hoof into his hand.” She speaks in her motherly voice.Twilight hesitates as she lifts her tiny hoof up and into your hand. You forgot how tiny these ponies can be. You look down slightly at her hoof. It sits perfectly in the palm of your hand. You make sure to wrap your fingers gently around her hoof. With a few gentle shakes do you release her.“Do you have a name?” Twilight asks.You smile briefly. “I do, but it’s not proper for a guard to give out their name while on the job.”Her eyes seem to grow wider. “You’re a guard?”’You nod. “That I am.”“Do you know my brother? His name is Shining Armor.”You feel your mind thinking back to all the new ponies that came in for prerequisite training, to see if they have what it takes to be a guard. Shining, yes, you think you do remember that pony. For a young colt, he showed a lot of promise.“I do. If he keeps his muzzle clean, I can see him going rather far in the guard.”That brightens her mood considerably as she smiles at you.“Excuse me for interrupting.” Celestia comes in. “I wanted you to meet my friend for a reason, Twilight.”“Why’s that?” She asks.“He’s your personal guard. He will watch over you until you are ready to face the world on your own.”“Really?”Celestia nod. “Really.”She looks from her teacher, then over to you.“So, you’re going to protect me?” She asks, taking a few steps closer to you.You nod. “If I must, then I will.”“What else do you do?” She asks.You cast a glance over to Celestia for a brief second before returning to Twilight.“If I am your personal guard. Then I can be whatever you wish. If you need someone to talk to, then I’ll be there. If you require nourishment, I will make sure you get what you need.” You notice the little filly getting far more excited than you are comfortable with. “However, I am not your personal maid either. I am above all else here to protect you. Think of me more as a friend.”“A friend?” She looks up to you unsure. “I’ve never had a friend before.”“I guess today is a good day to start having one.” You inform her.Her excitement bursts out of her as she hops around you.“I have a friend!” She repeats over and over as she continues to hop around.You can only look over at Celestia as she grins at you.“I never knew you were good with fillies.” She whispers so she wouldn’t catch Twilight’s attention.You just shrug for your answer.“Twilight.” Celestia speaks up. Twilight stopping on a dime. “I must be going now.”Twilight gives a sad nod. “Okay.”Celestia leans in and gives her a brief nuzzle. “I’ll be back in a few hours to start your training. Do not worry.”That calms Twilight down as she gives the princess a nod. Celestia looks back up to her loyal guard and companion.“Keep her safe.” You straighten yourself up as you look her directly in the eyes. “Understood.”She gives a nod just before taking her leave. Now you are alone with this filly. You turn around and face the pony. She looks a might nervous than before. She’s scuffing her hoof on the ground a bit as she looks at your feet. She then looks up to face you.“What do I call you?” She asks.“Just call me Captain.” You answer.She gives a few weak nods. You decide that getting to know this filly will probably put her more at ease.“What are you reading?”That definitely gets her attention as her horns lit up to bring a book over to her.“Have you ever read the story about Starswirl the Bearded?” She asks.Of course you have, but you don’t let her know that.“I have not. Please, enlighten me.”Her nervousness from before disappears as she quickly takes a seat on a small pillow she has. You lower yourself onto the ground in wait for all the things she wants to tell you. You find yourself caught off guards as she leans against you and levitates the books high enough for you and her to see.“This is Starswirl the Bearded. He was known as the pony who created many of the spells that we use today.”“You don’t say?” You decide to continue your ignorant act.“I do say. So, this is how he first came up with the teleportation spell.”You just smile and nod as Twilight goes about telling you how Starswirl the Bearded invented the quantum magic field. You know all this stuff already. Being the only human here, you wanted to know everything you could about pony magic. It’s one of the few things they have over you, but their magic isn’t perfect. You didn’t become the captain of the guard for nothing. However, you just smile and nod as Twilight talks. After a few hours or so you start to notice that her eyes are falling heavy. You look out a nearby window to see that it’s almost lunch time. When you came into this room she was already reading, was she up all night reading those books? “Twilight.”She looks up at you in a sleepy haze.“Hmm?”“How long have you been awake?”You can only sit there and watch as her eyes start to blink out of sync, how her body is pressing against you with more weight. “Not... long..”That’s all she can manage before her eyes fall closed. The sound of light breaths fills the air. Typical, you have seen this a lot in the new recruits. They stay up all night to prepare for the exams, only to be too tired to even take them. “Silly filly.” You whisper to yourself.You make sure to move slowly as to not rustle your armor enough to wake her. Gently you move your arms under her and pick her up off the ground. You walk over to the bed in the room and lay her down in the center. You watch as she tosses a little in her sleep, but she settles in just fine. You make sure to toss a blanket over her and head towards the front door. You walk out and close the door behind you.“Captain, how is Twilight doing?”You looks over and see your princess walking up to you. You make sure to face her and take a knee.“She is asleep, my princess. I fear that her enthusiasm took the better of her.” You answer her without pause. You feel yourself rise against your will, the golden aura of your princess is gently wrapped around you.“What have I said about kneeling?” She asks as you face her.“That you wish for us to stand on even ground.” You reply.“Then why do you continue to kneel?”You afford yourself to smile a bit as you face her. “If I were not to kneel, then I would continue to stand on higher ground.”She chuckles a bit at your joke.“I guess I will allow it then.”You give her a standing bow.“In all seriousness. I do it to show my appreciation and respect, Princess.”When you rise you see that the princess is now only a few inches away from you.“You know, I don’t have anything to do and if Twilight is asleep...”You make sure to keep your stone face on. You know what your princess is looking for, but, what about Twilight? Celestia noticed how your eye flicked towards the door for a brief moment. She just grins at you.“What’s this? You like her that much?”You continue to face your princess.“It’s my job to watch over her.” While your answer is the truth, you may not be telling the whole truth. You just met that filly, but you get this odd urge to protect her. The way she acts and the way she talks. It kinda reminds you of yourself. Being rather awkward, but when you talk about something you know, you can’t get yourself to shut up about it. A side that only your princess has seen. Celestia rolls her eyes at you.“Come, I will set a guard to watch over her.”You looks back at the fillies door and then back to your princess.“I’m sorry, Princess.”You take a few steps away from her and take your place in front of Twilight’s room. Celestia gives you a look of surprise. It then melts away as she walks up to you. You don’t get time to react as she presses her lips against yours. You feel her tongue push into your mouth as you melt into this moment. She pulls away from you before you could enjoy yourself too much.She giggles as you face her as if nothing’s happened.“I knew I picked the right guard to watch over her.”“You’ve always praised me for my dedication.” You answer her seriously, but a bit of a playful tone comes in. “As well as my endurance.”She giggles at that. “For good reason.” She turns and starts walking down the hall. “I will be back in the few hours. Twilight should be up by then.”You give her a nod in confirmation as she goes on her way. As soon as she leaves your sight do you let out a sigh of relief. You really wanted to take the princess up on her offer. It’s a fleeting thing, but you are dedicated. The princess told you to protect this filly and you intend to do just that.“Captain?” You hear a small voice call from inside the room.You do not pause as you turn around and walk into the room. You look over to the bed and see Twilight is wide awake.“You called?”You notice a sense of relief wash over her as she looks at you. She then looks around a bit in some confusion.“Why am I in bed?”You close the door behind you and walk to the front of her bed.“You were tired from your late night studies. I put you to bed so that you could rest.”She looks at her hooves in embarrassment.“I’m sorry for having made you do that.” She whispers.“No apologies required.”You hear a small growl leave her, she wraps her hooves around her stomach as her face turns red. You chuckle a bit at her reaction.“It seems that you are hungry. Please, tell me what you want.”“Anything is fine.” She says quickly.You raise a brow. “Is that so? How would you like your meat cooked?”She reels back in shock as she looks at you.“M-Meat?” You nod. “Ponies don’t eat meat!”“You said anything.”“Anything a pony would eat!” She shouts.You just chuckle at her as you rest a hand on her head. The action instantly calming her.“I’m just teasing you, Twilight.”She lets out a huff. “Friends don’t make fun of the other.” She says bitterly.“Really? Well, your teacher and I like to tease each other from time to time.” You state matter of factly. “Really?” She looks surprised.You nod. “Yup.”She probably doesn’t need to know that your “teasing” was mostly done in bed. Still teasing nonetheless. You walk over to the door.“I will inform the chefs that you would like a salad.” She quickly scrambles out of bed.“Wait!” She hops off and stands by your side. “M-Maybe I should come with you? I still don’t know where everything is and it would be nice to learn how much the castle has to offer.”Ponies aren’t very good at lying. Celestia seems to be the only pony that can lie without you knowing. You can see that from the look Twilight is giving you that she is afraid. She seemed well enough on her own before meeting you. So what’s changed?“I see no reason for you to remain in your room.” You inform her. She tries to trot past you, but you stick your leg out to stop her. When she looks down to her chest to see your foot, she looks back up at you. “Is something wrong?” She asks.You kneel down so you can face her properly.“You need to understand something, Twilight. When we leave this room, there’s a chance that you could be in danger.” That seems to catch her attention. “I am here to make sure that you will never come to harm, but you need to listen to me. If I say run, you run. If I tell you to hide, you hide. If I say to stay behind me, you stay behind me. Even if the princess herself orders you to leave me, you need to ignore her.”You can see the confusion and unsure look in her eyes. “W-Why? How could I ever ignore the princess?” She asks.You set your hand onto her withers. “Twilight, there’s so much about this world you still aren’t aware of. The thing about having a friend is that you need to trust them. Even if what they say is crazy, you need to trust that they are doing is for your best interests.”She locks eyes with yours. “Does the princess know about this?”You nod. “I know she would understand. She trusted me to protect you, that should say far more to you than just my word. I love and respect the princess. It’s because I love and respect her so much that I’m telling you this.”Twilight takes a few seconds to take in everything you’ve said. When she looks back into your eyes she gives you a nod.“I understand. You’re my friend and I trust you.”You pat her on the head. “Good girl. Now, when we leave this room, I want you by my side at all times.”She gives another nod.“Alright, let’s get you something to eat.”And the rest, as they would say, is history. Twilight would always invite you into her room to listen to what she learned that day or about the many things she’s read. You would sit there and listen, not because that was your job, but because you actually felt something for this filly. Your day to day before then was rather boring. You would train the new recruits and file some paperwork. There were those few times where Celestia would call you to her chambers, but as much as you’d wish for that to be more often than not, it sadly was a fleeting thing. You never really talked to the other guards, as you are their captain, they tend to treat you more as their superior than a possible friend. So to watch over this filly, who is so curious about you and actually wants to get to know you. Well, you found that maybe you do have a bit of a soft spot for fillies.And that’s how it’s kinda been for you around the castle. You watch over Twilight, listen to her talk about something she learned and then talk about other things. She is a very smart filly, far past the others in intelligence and raw talent. Twilight is a few years older now, which isn’t much seeing as she got her cutie mark at an insanely young age. You can only guess that she’s about nine or ten right now. You would ask, but most ponies ignore age questions for some reason. However, something just doesn’t seem right today. You’ve been standing at the front of Twilight’s door in wait for her to rise with the sun. A custom you found that she was quite fond of. Yet today is not like the others. Your guard training is starting to question why she hasn’t left her room yet. You want to investigate, but she also did train pretty hard yesterday. Perhaps she is just tired? You don’t know and you aren’t really sure what to do. You want to do what Celestia asked you, but if Twilight is asleep, you wouldn’t want to disturb her. Well, you are a guard. Unlike every single guard in this place, you don’t have hooves. Which means you have plus nine to stealth. You can probably sneak in and just make sure she is alright, then leave without her ever knowing. That’s a good idea.You quietly make your way into her room. The thin rays of the rising sun making their way past the closed curtain over the windows. You can barely see the outline of a large lump in the center of the bed. As you focus your eyes, you notice a faint glow is coming from under the blankets. Is she practicing again? This wouldn’t be the first time you’ve caught her practicing in her room.You shake your head as you walk over to her bed and throw her blankets off.“Twilight, what did I say abo-” Your voice dies.You look down and see Twilight is covered in a cold sweat. A look of pure pain on her face as she writhes around in silent agony. Her horn is light in a soft glow and her eyes are firmly shut. “Twilight!” You yell as you shake her gently. “Twilight, what’s wrong!?”You see her eyes crack open as she looks at you, tears starting to build at the corners of her eye. She can’t even speak as she pants slightly.“Shit!” You have no idea what is happening right now. You pick her up into your arms and take her to the only pony you know that would be able to help her. You run out of her room and towards Celestia’s room. The guards standing at the front of her door don’t say a word as you lock eyes with them. The simple look being enough to make them stand down. You kick open Celestia’s door without care.You walk into her room and see her quickly walk into the room from her bathroom.“Captain, what is the meani-” She looks and sees Twilight in your arms. “What’s happening to her?” You ask.You see Celestia try and pick up Twilight with her magic, but it never makes contact. Celestia with a raised brow walks over to you so she can see Twilight. You can see that she is thinking something.“Princess.” “Take Twilight back to her room.” Celestia says.“What’s wrong with her?” You ask.“Nothing I can help her with. She needs rest.”You look at the princess in shock.“Is there nothing we can do? Just look at her!”You look down and see Twilight’s face is morphed in that look of pain. You look up at Celestia as she shakes her head.“Let her rest, Captain. She’s going to be in pain for a few weeks.”You start to feel your anger build, but you suppress it. You quickly walk out of the room with Twilight in your arms. If the princess can’t help her, then you will.You’ve been sitting by Twilight’s bedside as you read through many books. Not a single one of them have any information about what Twilight has. It’s like she has some kind of new disease. Yet, Celestia knew about it. Is there really nothing you can do to help ease her pain?“C-Captain.” You hear a whisper.You look over and see Twilight is looking at you.“How are you feeling, Twilight?”Twilight reaches her hooves out at you, tears starting to fall.“Captain, Captain.” She repeats in a strained voice.You feel your teeth grit together. You get up from your seat and sit by Twilights side on her bed. You lean over some so she can wrap her hooves around your neck.“I-It hurts.” You hear her cry past her tears. “Captain, it hurts.”It’s breaking your heart so much right now to see her like this.“I know, Twilight. I don’t know how to help you.” You lean back so you can face her. “Where does it hurt?”She starts to pant harder as she moves a hoof closer to her thigh. You look down and spot a damp looking mess underneath her tail. You then notice that she moves the hoof from her thigh, up to her glowing horn. Wait, why is it glowing?“Twilight, are you casting magic?” She shakes her head. “So your horn and your thigh hurts?”She shakes her head. “L-Lower.”You feel your stoneface come back.“How low are we talking?”Even with her pain you can see her cheeks become red.“Pretty low.”Your mind is drawn to one conclusion, but it doesn’t make sense? Your only thought is that she is going into heat, but even with her cutie mark, ponies don’t go into heat around this age. So what the hell is happening to her? It sounds like she’s in some kind of magically induced heat. You facepalm as you quickly set Twilight down and walk over to a book on unicorns. You know you read this somewhere before. Ah ha!“When a filly or mare has a magical outburst, the results can lead to them going into heat earlier than expected. This is not very common, as most fillies and mares have limited magical aptitude. However, some of the more talented ponies have been known to fall into this heat, also known as Starswirl sickness. The effect has been known to last as long as a typical heat or even send colts into early puberty. It’s recommended that the pony in question gets lots of sleep and under no circumstances should cast a spell, as this can cause unexpected simulation.”You set the book down.“You’ve gotta be kidding me.” You whisper. This kid's got Starswirl sickness. “Captain.” You hear Twilight call again. “Captain.”You quickly return to her side.“You alright, Twilight?”She shakes her head. “I-It still hurts.”You clench your teeth again.“I know, you’ll just have to bare with it for awhile.”“W-Why? What’s happening?”“You have Starswirl sickness.” You inform her. “There’s nothing I can do.”“Y-You said you would protect me.” She cries out as he tears flow. “You said you were my f-friend.”“I am your friend, Twilight.”“Why aren’t you helping me?” She asks.You bite your lip. “I-I don’t even know if what I know could help you.” You admit.She grabs you with her hooves. “P-Please... Please try anything!”You cringe at how much pain she is in. You’re not sure what to do right now. Celestia did order you to keep her safe, but, is this right? You look down at Twilight as she looks at you with a pleading look. Alright, the guard has trained you for some shit, but, you gotta do what you have to.“Alright, Twilight. I’ll try and help you.”You can see the relief wash over her at the thought of getting better.“W-What do I do?” She asks.“Just, lay on your back.” You instruct her.She does so and you get into bed next to her. You pray that this will work, otherwise you will personally leave the guard. You place your hand on her stomach as she locks up at your touch.“Relax.”She does so as you travel down her stomach and quickly get to the problem. She looks a little uncomfortable so you wrap your left arm behind her head so you can pull her closer to your chest. Your right hand is now in an area it shouldn’t be. Twilight is leaning her head against you as she continues to pant. “What are you doing?” Twilight asks.“I’m going to help relieve some of the pain.” You tell her. “If it hurt, then let me know.”You move your middle finger down her thigh. You then feel it press up against something rather puffy. Twilight reacts immediately as she moans into your chest. You don’t pause as you slowly start to rub her swollen marehood. You can feel her little clit wink out every time your middle finger passes over her. Each time Twilight gives a moan of satisfaction.You move back over her marehood and gently prod her with the tip of your finger. This causes Twilight to arch her back as she pants harder. You can see that this filly isn’t in any more pain. So at least there is some good coming out of this. You start to pick up the pace in your rubbing. Twilight is squirming in your hold some, but you hold her firmly so you can finish your job. As soon as you notice her on the peak, you insert a second finger in by less than an inch. She lets out a loud gasp as a torrent of her juice coats the sheets under her. You make sure to give her a few slowly rubs on her clit to help drain out whatever is left from her. All you can do is hold Twilight as she shakes in your arms. “W-What was that?” Twilight asks you.“Nothing you need to worry about. How do you feel?”She gives you a sleepy smile.“I don’t feel the pain anymore.”“Good.” You let go of her and rise from the bed. “You need to get washed up.” You inform her.“Ok.” She climbs out of bed and walks towards her bathroom, but before she enters she turns around to face you. “Thank you, Captain. You’re a true friend.”“Don’t mention it.” You reply as she closes the door to the bathroom behind her. You strip the sheets from her bed and toss them into the corner for the maid to clean up. This isn’t something you usually do, but you need to focus your mind on something. This is unbelievable. True, what you did helped Twilight, but at what cost? She’s just a kid and you did something that’s criminal on your world. You let out a sigh as you look down at Twilight’s now clean bed. Well, you might as well head out and stand guard. You walk out of her room and bump into something. You look down and notice your princess is standing there. “I wanted to see how Twilight was doing.” She states. “From the sounds of it, she is doing better than I would’ve expected.”This is odd. Your princess is not speaking in a tone that would either suggest you were in trouble or that she is pleased. “I did my job.” You answer.“Dedicated as always.” Celestia turns away and walks off down the hall.You aren’t sure what to think. You can only assume that you aren’t in any trouble, but that still doesn’t help take away this deep feeling of wrongness. What you did isn’t legal here in Equestria either. Still, your princess is turning a cheek to this? It’s better to ignore this, you still have a filly you need to watch over.It seems that after the time you two shared together, she either didn’t remember much or just never talked about it. The fact is that she was better after that one time, so your days returned to normal. Twilight is much older now, if you were to guess then you would assume she is around fourteen or so. She’s growing into a very smart and beautiful mare. “Captain!” Twilight shouts as she tackles into you.You remain standing as you wrap your arms around her.“What have I told you about doing that?” You ask.She giggles. “Not while you’re on the job.”“So how have things been going with you?” You ask her. “It seems like you’re so busy nowadays.”You notice her blushing at you as you set her down.“I’ve just been practicing some things.” She says as she looks up at you. “Captain, if you aren’t busy later, can you help me with something?”You give her a nod. “I still have a duty to watch over you. So that shouldn’t be a problem.”Her smile is as large as ever as she giggles to herself. Something comes to mind as she looks a bit alarmed.“I forgot that I need to see the princess in a few minutes. See you later, Captain!” Twilight says as she runs off.You can only give her a wave goodbye as you turn back to face the recruits. You notice that Shining Armor is standing there, his peers are looking at you trying to hold back some kind of laugh. You feel your softer features harden.“Did I give any of you permission to rest?!” You shout as they all straighten up. “Then get back to trotting! I don’t want to see any of you back here until those balls of yours drop!” You see them start trotting off, but you call out to one in particular. “Armor!” He turns to face you as you snap your fingers in front of you. He comes trotting up and stands at attention.“Sir?” He looks at you questioning.“Your sister seems to be growing.” You look into his eyes. “She’s not the only one. I think it’s time I put you to the test.” Shining remains silent. “Let’s see how you can handle your squad. I’m assigning you as the team leader. You keep those colts in line. If I so much as see a single hoof out of sync, you’ll be the pony to blame.”You can see a certain fiery determination in Shining’s eyes.“Sir, yes sir!” He shouts as he gives a salute.“Enough, catch up with your squad and give them the news.” Before Shining can leave you speak out once more. “Also, let them know that training is over for the day when they’re done with their lap. Think of it as a bit of free time to celebrate your promotion.”He gives another nod and trots off. You feel a sinister smile build inside of you. It’s good to know that Shining can’t tell when you’re lying. That free time is just a ruse to put him to the test. His friends are going to want him to drink and celebrate. Tomorrow will tell you if he deserves to be a leader or just another follower. You turn on your heels and head to Twilight’s room, you have nothing else to do, so you might as well wait.You walk into Twilight’s room to wait for her. You know that Spike should be in here. However, you find that something is actually different as you look around the room. You notice Spike is setting up a single table with various different things. All in all, it looks rather fancy.“What’s with the spread?” You ask him.Spike looks over at you. “I don’t know. Twilight told me to set this all up.”You think over as to why she would have Spike set this up. Perhaps this is for a celebration of some kind? This wouldn’t be the first time Twilight has invited you to her room in celebration over something she’s learned. You feel something tap your leg as you look down at Spike. You notice that he is trying to hand you something.“What’s this?” You ask as you take it from him and examine it.“Twilight told me to tell you to wear that.” He goes back to setting things up.You feel a brow raise as you look over a rather nice looking suit. This is odd, you only get dressed up for fancy dinners with the princess. Even then you would only wear your decorated uniform. This looks like a proper tuxedo. Whatever Twilight is planning must be rather important if she expects you to wear this monkey suit. You decide to play along, seeing as Twilight can get rather emotional when things aren’t perfect. Getting dressed doesn’t take you long. Taking off the armor is easier than putting it on and you've put on a suit before. So all in all the entire setup is done in less than five minutes. You will admit that not being in your armor makes you feel off, but you tie off your sword's hilt to your side. At least that piece of steel makes you feel better.You walk out of the bathroom to see that Spike is no longer around and the entire room is dimly lit. As you walk into the main room you feel as if something isn’t right. You quickly turn around and catch Twilight as she tackles you from above. You maintain your balance as she giggles like mad.“~I almost got you~” She says in a singsong voice.“Almost.” You admit.As you set Twilight down you notice that she’s actually dressed. She’s wearing a very simple dress that really fits her personality. You notice a hint of makeup on her face as well. “Why are you dressed up?” You ask her. “Is this another tea party?”You remember when Twilight would throw tea parties just between the two of you. Those were not as bad as they sound. You face Twilight and see that she is blushing heavily.“Not exactly.” She locks eyes with yours. “May I ask you something, Captain?”You nod. “You may.”She shifts on her hooves uneasily. “Um, there’s a dance coming up and I was wondering if you were busy Saturday?”Is Twilight asking you to her school dance? A few years back Celestia enrolled Twilight into public school to help her learn some basics about Equestria. Twilight use to get bullied a lot, you were able to put a stop to most of it, but not all. It was a double-edged sword as well. Most ponies kept their distance from her and she never really showed any concern over that. You were her friend and that’s all she cared about.“Isn’t there any colt that you’re interested in?” You ask her.She seems to blush more and shakes her head.“I just would like it if you went.” She says.Well, you don’t see a reason to deny her request. You actually feel honored that she would consider you as a partner for her dance. You give her a smile.“Of course I’ll go with you to the dance.”Her nervousness dies away as she trots past you and takes a seat at the heavily decorated table. You feel a brow raise as she points to the seat across from her.“We have a few days to practice!” She says with joy. “First we need to display proper manners and then we’ll need to practice dancing.”You shake your head. This doesn’t surprise you one bit.“Twilight, I’m the captain of the guard. I know proper manners and I know how to dance.”She looks surprised.“You do?”You nod. “Celestia asks me to dance with her every Grand Galloping Gala. Seeing as we’re the only two creature that match the others height.”“So you know how to do all this?” She asks.You nod once more. “Yes.”“Will you teach me?”You shake your head. “Twilight, this is your first dance. It’s normal to go in ill-prepared.”That seems to get her nervous. “I would rather practice.”You let out a sigh as you take a seat across from her.,“I’ll teach you how to act during dinner, but I’m not going to teach you how to dance.” You state.“Why?”You smile. “It’s not a first dance unless someone is embarrassed.”She puffs out her cheeks as she pouts.“Or I can leave and teach you nothing.” You add.She rolls her eyes.“Fine.”You smile as you look at the plates in front of you.“Alright, so listen carefully.”You decided to forgo the military dress and wear something a bit more formal. You’re already finish getting dressed and simply wait in front of the castle for Twilight to show up. You feel this odd sense of nervousness deep down inside of you. You’ve never gone to a school dance before, but that shouldn’t matter much. You rely on your guard training to kick in as you suppress your emotions and try to act calm.Luckily for you, the wait isn’t long. Twilight walks out of the castle dressed in the same manner you found her a few days before. Her dress simplistic but altogether fitting her style perfectly well. Her mane and coat have a noticeable shine to them as well. All in all, she’s looking rather nice. “You ready?” You ask her.She nods with a noticeable smile as she stands by your side. The both of you walk down the streets of Canterlot towards her school. There isn’t much to say about the walk there. The two of you talked about random thing, ponies looked at you both, no big whoop. The both of you walk into the decorated cafeteria. It looks like the standard things you would see at a dance. Balloons, punch, streamers and things.You aren’t that impressed, seeing as you’ve been around the princess for so long, but Twilight has stars in her eyes as she looks around. You just smirk a bit at her youthful nature. “What should we do first?” Twilight looks at you.You shrug. “Whatever you want.”You notice that blush come back as she faces you.“I-I think I want to dance.” You give a nod as you point her over to the dance floor. You can see Twilight looking around nervously, most of the ponies having noticed the both of you. She looks at you unsure on how to proceed.“How does this work?” She asks.You chuckle a bit at that. It makes sense, Twilight’s head is barely at your waist, so it’s understandable why she wouldn’t know what to do.“Give me your forelegs.” You tell her. You can see her cast you an unsure glance. “Trust me.”That seems to calm her as she lays one forehoof into one hand and then gently hops up as she rests her remaining hoof into your other hand. This give you a bit of wiggle room, but she’s still rather short, her head going to your chest at best. You decide to wrap her hooves around your waist and then wrap your arms around her back. This helps greatly increase her balance. You can hear the snickering of a few ponies in the distance.Twilight’s blushing some. “Ponies are laughing.” She states.“Who cares?”Twilight looks up to see you smirking at her. That calms her down as she smiles at you.“Follow my lead.” You inform her as you start to take your first steps.She’s a little shaky, but soon she starts to fall into a rhythm. The two of you aren’t going to win any awards, but it’s not about winning anything. You feel a sense of pride inside of you as you see the joyful look Twilight gives you as the two of you dance together.“This isn’t as hard as I thought it would be.” Twilight whispers as she rests her head against your chest.“I think it’s because you’re a natural.” You compliment.“Really?” You give a nod. “Thank you.”“Don’t mention it.” You then hear a small growl leave her. You smile a bit. “Want to get something to eat?”“No!” You feel Twilight hold you tightly. “Just a little while longer.”You have no reason to deny her as you continue your simple back and forth with her.Everything so far is going perfectly. Twilight and you are now sitting at a table as you both share a meal. The smile on her face couldn’t possibly grow any larger. “Isn’t this just the saddest thing you’ve ever seen.” You hear a voice call out.You notice Twilight’s ears pin back as she looks at the table. You look over to see a well-dressed pony with rather plain features. Two stallions are by her side.“Yeah, to think Twilight couldn’t find a date to the dance.” One of the males says.“She probably had to order this guard to go with her.” Another laughs.Bullies. A large part of you wants to deck them in the face. However, they are still minors. You look over and see a slight waver in Twilight’s eyes.“Let’s go, Twilight.” You whisper to her.She gives a shallow nod as the both of you rise from your seats. You hope that those three don’t say anything, but that wish isn’t granted.“An ugly pony like you will never have a special somepony.” The mare says in a taunt.You look over and see the tears Twilight is desperately trying to hold back. Yeah, fuck that shit. You turn around and face the three. Each of them giving you a raised brow.“Sunlight Wilt?” You ask the mare. She nods. “Didn’t I put your mother in the dungeon for selling her body like a whorse?”You notice everyone in the room looking your way now, many ponies that heard you are snickering at this bit of news.“W-What?!” She shouts.You nod. “Yeah, caught her giving head to some stallion in an alleyway.”Now that gets all the ponies laughing. You focus your gaze to one of the stallions.“Pretty sure I had to give a few fines to your drunk of a father.”That makes the stallion freeze up as well. Yeah, being a guard for this many years means you know ponies. You look at the other stallion with a raised brow, but he bolts off before you can say anything. The entire dancehall is now snickering as the two you’ve just roasted stand there in total shock. You turn on your heels and return to Twilight. You can see her eyes looking at your widely. “Shall we?” You off her your hand.She smiles widely at you as she rests a hoof into your hand.Twilight didn’t want to stay at the dance anymore. So instead you and her walked back to the castle. Not much was said between the two of you, but Twilight never left your side as you walked down the streets of Canterlot. Soon you are at her room. “Today’s was rather fun.” You say.She nods but doesn’t say anything as she faces the floor.“Do you need anything else?” You ask.You see her face you with a bit of a waver in her eyes. “C-Captain, can you come inside for a bit?” She asks.You don’t question her. “Sure.”You walk into Twilight’s room as she closes the door behind her. You see her walk over to her bed and take a seat on it. You just stand in wait, but see her pat the spot next to her for you to join her. You follow her lead and sit next to her as she thinks over something. You make sure not to speak, as it seems she has something she wants to tell you. She looks up at you.“Captain, I want to thank you. For protecting me.” She says.“No need to thank me.”She shakes her head as she blushes heavily. “Y-You’ve been watching over me for so long. Keeping me safe and being a really good friend. I was wondering if you would do something for me?”“Anything.”Twilight doesn’t say anything as she quickly darts forwards. The two of you meeting in a simple kiss. Your guard training helps you suppress the sudden shock of this. Twilight pulls away with a large blush as she faces you. You can see her trying to say something.“I-I never forgot.” She states. You feel the hair on the back of your neck stand on end.“W-what do you mean?” You feel yourself stutter.She scoots closer to you.“I remember when you helped me with my Starswirl sickness.” You can feel her pressing against you as she starts to pant. “I-I know it wasn’t what you wanted, so I stayed quiet about it.”You aren’t sure what to say. So this entire time she’s been keeping what the two of you did a secret?“Why are you telling me this?” You ask.You feel her gently squeeze your hand.“I-I need you help again.”You can see the sultry look in her eyes and can feel the sweat on her hooves. A bit of a scent is in the air as well.“You’re in heat?” It sounds more like a statement than a question.She nods. “I-I know I’m not much to look at, but, please.”You feel hurt that she would say something like that about herself. You face her properly and place a hand on her cheek.“Twilight, you’re beautiful.” You say honestly.She looks down at the floor. “You don’t need to lie anymore.”You bring her back to facing you.“I never lie, Twilight. You trust me, right?”She nods as the two of you lock eyes with each other.“I’ll help you, Twilight. Not because it’s my duty, but because you’re my friend.”You can see her eyes glisten as she hugs you tightly.“Thank you.”You chuckle a little.“Don’t thank me yet.” You start to feel a sense of dread. “We still have some work to do.”You can see Twilight blush as she lets you go. “I’ll follow your lead.” She says.You give her a nod. Well, you might as well do this right. You reach over and get to the back of Twilight’s dress. You unzip it for her and slowly start to help take off her clothes. She understand what you’re doing as she uses her magic to help take some of your clothing off as well. You get her clothes off in a few minutes. Twilight seems to have a problem taking your clothes off, so she lets out a huff and uses her magic to teleport them away. You notice how she is examining your body. This is after all the only time she’s ever saw you like this. With the exception of Celestia, she’s the only other pony to have seen you naked. You notice that her nervousness is growing now as she looks you in the eyes.“W-What now?” She asks.“You need to lay on your back.” You inform her.She does so without pause. You can already see that between her legs is a puffy looking marehood that’s slightly winking. Definitely in heat. You place your hand on her stomach and gently rub, you want her to be as relaxed as possible. Your simple shows make Twilight sigh in content. You then move from her stomach to her hindquarters. You gently kneed her cutie mark as her panting increases. You get ready to make this experience the best possible for her. You lean your head in and run your tongue up her marehood and gently flick your tongue when it meets her clit. A moan leaves Twilight as you do this. You don’t leave her waiting as you get to work. You make sure to be gentle as you stimulate her. Her moans fill the air as you feel her hooves rest on the back of your head. “C-Captain, I-I think..”You can hear a certain plea in her voice, so you pick up the pace to bring her over the edge. You hear her give a suppressed moan as a torrent of her fluids come crashing into your mouth. You lap up as much as you can handle as you help her ride out her orgasm. After you feel that the most of it is over you look up and see Twilight looking at you in amazement.“How do you feel?” You ask her.“G-Great.” She answers.“Good.”There’s more that needs to be done. Sure you made her orgasm, but a mare in heat requires a bit more than just some foreplay. You can feel your erection is already at full mast. At least someone is taking joy in this. You climb onto the bed while Twilight is still laying on her back. You can see that she is looking directly at you penis.“Is that what’s going inside of me?” Twilight asks. You nod. “It looks rather big.” She says nervously.“Don’t worry, Twilight. I’ll be gently.” You say.Her eyes lock with yours again. “I trust you.”You give her a nod as you get on your knees and move a bit closer to her. You grab her by both of her hocks and drag her rump a little higher into the air. Your cock presses against her marehood as you do this. Twilight give another moan as a shiver runs up your spine. you let go of her legs and line up your manhood. You rub the tip of your head between her folds to help coat some of her juices onto yourself. This teasing is causing Twilight to fidget, but you want to make sure that this is an experience she won’t regret. You push slightly into her as she gasps a bit. You move one of your hand to the dock of her tail and the other wraps around her back. You know that she has a hymen, so it’s better to get this over with. You don’t warn her as you thrust into her suddenly. A yelp of pain escapes her as you look down to see a bit of blood flowing onto her bed. “Ow, ow, ow.” Twilight whispers to herself.“Nothings worse than trying to brace for it.” You say as you hold her close. “Let me know when it stops hurting.”You can feel her marehood trying to compensate to your size, each contraction is causing you to winch slightly. These mares have that freakish ability to control the muscles in their pussy. While Twilight may not be doing it on purpose, she is definitely making it hard on you to keep your composure.“I-I think I'm alright.” Twilight says.“Sorry about that.” You say.She leans up and gives you a peck on the lips.“I-I knew that it would have to happen.”“Are you ready for more?” You ask.She nods and you start to withdraw from her. She wraps her forehooves around your neck as she lets out a moan. You gently push back inside of her and repeat the process. You can feel that every time you pull out her body will try and pull you back in. Then as you thrust into her it would relax and let you go in deeper each time. Twilight can only moan in delight as you start to pick up your pacing.You look down and see Twilight blushing as she connect eyes with you.“D-Does it feel as good for you as it does for me?” Twilight asks.You nod as you start going faster.“It does.”She leans up as the two of you lock lips. You can feel her tongue enter into your mouth as she pulls you closer to her body. You continue to give her what she needs as your lips move away. Twilight is looking into your eyes as she pants and moans. “I-I think I’m about to come again.” Twilight says breathlessly.You’re not too far away from her either. With how tight she is and how much her heat is making her contract, you’re surprised she didn’t squeeze the life out of you minutes ago. You decide to get her over the edge again as you now start pounding into her. Her moans are now turning into loud screams as she tries to pull you as close to her as possible. “I-I’m-m.” Twilight tries to speak but is too far gone to get any words out straight.Now it’s time to end this. You move your one hand that was at the dock of her tail up to her clit and press down as hard as you can. You hear Twilight’s breath catch as her body tenses up. You feel the flush of liquid rush past your cock as her marehood grips onto you with all its strength. That’s enough to get you to peak as you let loose deep inside of her. All you can do is hold yourself off of Twilight as her marehood milks whatever it can out of you. The two of you look into the others eyes as you pant heavily. After a few minutes, you withdraw from Twilight. You can still see her clit wink out every so often as bits of you cum leak out. You sit at the edge of the bed as Twilight continues to rest on her back.“T-Thank you.” She says.“No need to thank me.” “I know that you aren’t interested in me.” Twilight says. “Still, I’m happy to know that I have a friend like you.”You let out a sigh. She isn’t wrong. You like her, but not in that way.“I love and care about you, Twilight.” You say.You feel her kiss your cheek as she wobbly takes a seat next to you. “I love you too.” She says. “So what happens now?”“We get cleaned up.” You answer.“That’s not what I meant.” She deadpans.“Well, I guess we go back to our usual lives.” You answer.You feel Twilight rest a hoof onto your knee.“If I ever need a friend like you again, to help me with anything, can I count on you?”You give her a smile. “That’s not even a question.”She smiles at you as she nuzzles you gently.“Thank you, for everything.”You wrap your arm around her.“Again, there’s no reason to thank me..”Twilight holds onto you tightly as she cries into your chest.“I’m going to miss you.” She says sadly.You smile at her, even though deep down you know something’s wrong.“You heard the princess. She said you’ll be back in Canterlot in no time.”“But why do I have to do this? Can’t someone else check on the preparations for the summer sun celebration?”You want to agree with her, but Celestia has the final say in everything.“Come on, Twilight. Think of this as an adventure.” You try to cheer her up.She looks up at you. “I-It’s just the first time I’ll be going somewhere without you.”You also feel wrong about that as well, but you keep your smile on for her.“Twilight, you’re the strongest magic user I know. You can keep yourself safe.” She seems to deflate some. “Spike’s going with you.” You add. “You’ll be fine.”That cheers her up a bit. “I just wish you were going too.” She says sadly.You pat her on the head.“We’ll see each other again, I promise.” You say.She locks eyes with yours and can see the sincerity in them. That’s all she needs to hear as she nods back.“Alright, I’ll see you later.” She says as she walks over to the chariot.You can only smile and wave as she takes off into the sky. As soon as she’s out of sight do you go back to your stoic guard look. You’ll miss her. The two of you never got into a relationship, but she is a true friend to you. You’ve been protecting her since she was a filly, now she’s a full grown mare. You feel a wing settle on your shoulders. You look over to see Celestia facing you.“I know it’s hard, Captain, but Twilight will be fine.” She smiles at you. “Or should I say, ex-captain?”“You don’t mean?”Celestia nods. “Your job is finished. You may retire and ask for anything you desire.”You look Celestia in the eye. “Anything I desire?” You ask.She nods. “If it’s in my power to give it to you, then I will.”You feel a smile cross your lips as you close the distance between the two of you and pull her into a kiss. You see her wings flair out and her eyes widen as she melts into your arms. You pull away from her as she continues to look at you in shock.“Is it too much to ask for you?” You ask.A few tears build in Celestia’s eyes as she shakes her head.“I thought you would never ask.”The both of you pull into another kiss. While it’s true that you and Twilight shared a moment, you’ve always wanted Celestia to be the one you hold dear. However, if Twilight is to ever call for you, then you will fulfill that promise. Not because it’s your job, but because she’s your friend.“I must admit that I’m impressed.” Nightmare moon says as she looks down at you. “Most creatures would’ve run away in fear just by the sheer sight on me. Yet here you are, standing in defiance.”You chuckle to yourself as you stand back up, you wobble a bit from the beating you’ve taken. Still, it’s not enough to keep you down. You can’t afford to stop now. If you fail now, then you’ll lose everything.“Please, stop.” You hear a faint voice from behind you.You look and see Celestia being held onto the floor of the throne room by a dark magical aura. She’s been there since the start of this entire thing, you’ll protect her, even if it kills you. You turn back to face the enemy before you. Your feeling on the matter having settled.“It’s laughable to think you’re any threat.” You mock.Nightmare moon gives you a look of disdain. She clearly isn’t amused.“Even as you stand there bleeding upon the floor, you still find time to make jokes?”“The only joke I see is yo-”Another flash of magic hits you square in the chest, sending you sliding across the marble flooring. You quickly try to catch your breath but feel something press against your chest. With blurry eyes, you look up to see Nightmare moon looking down at you with a fierceness in her eyes.“I could end your life and there wouldn’t be a single thing that anypony could do to stop me.” She says full of hate.You chuckle at her threat. “You’re implying that I care about my life.”You watch as her sneer slowly changes to a smirk.“You’re right. Your loyalty does not lie with yourself,” She looks over to your princess. “but another.”Just like that, your body reacts on instinct. You wrap your hand around her hoof that is on your chest and twist it to the point of snapping. She instantly reacts to the sudden pain by twisting with the motion. You toss your hip up and sweep your left leg to the right as you grab her other hoof and continue the motion. In a fraction of a second you’re on top of her. You quickly draw the dagger that you keep hidden in your boot and get ready to end this monster's existence.“No!”You feel your concentration break as you look over to Celestia. She’s looking at you with a pleading look. You decide to ignore her and turn to face this creature again. However, your vision blurs and your ears ring as you see that you’re now next to your princess. You can’t hear what she’s saying, but whatever it is, it must be important. Weren’t you about to do something? You can’t seem to remember what it was. Your vision starts to slowly blacken as you become sleepy.You sit up in shock. You quickly grasp your head as a wave of pain hits you. You bury deep inside as you look around frantically. You’re not longer in the throne room, you’re in the infirmary. This information isn’t important, you need to get up, you need to stop that creature! You get up from your bed and quickly sprint towards the doors leading to the hallway. You throw them open and manage a few steps before you bump into something. You look down and see someone you weren’t expecting.“Twilight?” You ask confused at to why she’s here.“Captain!” She too is in shock, but soon it changes. “What are you doing out of bed!?”“I-I got to save the princess.” You answer, feeling tired all of a sudden.You feel yourself being lifted into the air as Twilight picks you up with her magic.“I don’t think so, Mister. You need to stay in bed to heal. Nightmare moon hurt you pretty badly.” You start to struggle. “Twilight, let me go! I need to sa-”Twilight uses magic to mute your voice.“Don’t worry. The princess is safe and Nightmare moon has been dealt with.”You try to say something, but she’s still casting her magic. She can see the annoyed look you’re giving her and that makes her giggle to herself as she sets you onto the hospital bed.“Don’t be such a grouch. You need your rest.” Twilight says as she tucks you in. Her upbeat attitude fades as she looks at you. “I was worried about you.” She crawls onto the bed next to you, something she used to do as a filly. “When I defeated Nightmare moon, I was glad to see the princess, but she was hysterical. Screaming about how she needed to get back to Canterlot to help you.”Well, if you can’t talk, you might as well comfort Twilight. You stroke her gently as she looks at you with tears in her eyes.“W-When we got to Canterlot, we saw you laying in the throne room. There was so much blood.” She buries her face into your chest. “After the princess knew you were safe, she told us what happened. How you fought to protect her. How Nightmare moon managed to get the upper hoof and kick you in the head.” She starts to nuzzle you softly. “I was so worried. You wouldn’t wake up and the doctors weren’t sure what would happen to you.”Damn, so it seems you were in a bit more trouble than you originally thought. “It’s been a few weeks.” She looks up at you with a smile. “But you’re alright.”You notice that Twilight is no longer casting her magic.“I’m pretty tough. It’ll take more than a kick to the head to stop me.” You try to reassure her.“It’s just... I worry, you know?” You smile at her. “I worry about you all the time.”That gets a smile out of her. “How have things been since I left?”“Lonely. Celestia keeps me company, but she does have a nation to run.” You admit.“I heard that you two are pretty close now.”You nod. “Well, we kinda came to the agreement that we’re pretty good together. So, for lack of a better word. We’re special someponies.”You then find yourself interested.“How about you? The day you left, I know Celestia sent you to Ponyville for that summer sun thing. You were there for awhile, right? Tell me about what happened?”Her smile grows at your question. “Alright, it’s pretty long, but I don’t have much to do.”“I’m all ears.” You say as you lay back and relax.Wow, to think that Twilight went through all that. You kinda wish that you were there to help her with that Everfree forest stuff, but she held her own. You will also have to meet these new friends of hers, they seem like a reliable bunch. It’s kinda weird to think that the day Twilight left, a few weeks would change her life so much. You will admit that you were worried sick about her the entire time, but it’s good to know she’s found a place she can call her own.You don’t need to be in this hospital bed anymore. You were only staying here for Twilight’s benefit, but she left to go and visit her family while she’s here. You need to find Celestia. You rise out of bed and walk out of the infirmary. You hope she’s in the throne room still. It doesn’t take you long to get there as the guards standing at each door give you a salute.“At ease, I’m not your captain anymore.” You say.“They’ll always see you as their captain.”You turn around and face the voice you know rather well. Shining Armor is standing there giving you a salute.“At ease, Captain.” You say.“How are you feeling?” You twist a bit and pop a few segments of your spine. “About as good as anyone would feel after getting tossed around the throne room and kicked in the head.” You say jokingly.Shining lowers his head in shame. “I’m sorry that I’ve failed.”You rest your hand on his withers. “You didn’t fail, son. It was a bright and sunny day, then suddenly this crazy bitch comes out of nowhere. Even I didn’t expect it to happen.”Shining shrugs off your hand. “But you were still prepared enough to protect the princess.”“Yes, I was. That’s because I have been by her side for longer than you’ve been alive. I’ve fought and I’ve nearly died on more than a few occasions. It’s called experience. It’s something you’ll get in time. You will fail, but you will also learn. Do you understand me?”Shining looks into your eyes with that usual fire.“I understand, Sir.”You pat him on the head. “Good, now where’s my lovely princess?”He playfully slaps your hand away.“She’s in the throne room going over some paperwork. I think she’ll be happy to know you’re awake.”“Thanks, see you later, Shiny.” You say with a chuckle.You ignore his sigh and the small smirks from the guards standing by the doors. You push the doors wide open and stroll inside. Thereupon her throne is Princess Celestia. She’s concentrated on her task and doesn’t notice your presence. You walk up to her throne and move slightly behind her as she continues to scan her document. You rest your hand onto her withers and slowly start to massage her. She flinches at the initial contact but soon settles into a more relaxed pose. She lets out a sigh of content as you work out the knots in her withers.“You’re stressed.” You say nonchalantly.“So much has happened.” She informs you.“Twilight told me about it.”Celestia turns around and quickly pulls you into a kiss. You can see the tears from her eyes rolling over her cheeks as she holds onto you desperately. You pull her close as you give her what she needs. After awhile she breaks away from you.“I was so worried about you.” She leans in and gives you a peck on the lips. “I thought she was going to kill you, that you were going to kill her. I couldn’t let either of you do that.”You aren’t sure what she’s talking about, but you have been wondering about something.“Celestia, Why did you stop me when I could’ve ended it?”She lets out a sigh. “There’s much that I need to tell you. Please, join me in my room.”Celestia gets up from her throne and waves you to follow with her wing. No questions are asked as you walk by her side. Perhaps you will get some answers.“Sister?” You ask dumbfounded.Celestia nods. “Yes, that was my sister, in a manner of speaking. Luna is my sister and Nightmare moon was the evil that took hold of her.”You rub your face some from the story your princess has told you. It sounded like it was taken straight from a fairytale. In fact, you remember reading a story about the mare in the moon, if only by passing.“So that crazy bitch that nearly killed you and me, is your sister?” You ask in a voice that is as neutral as you can make it.Celestia lets out a sigh. “Yes and no... The Luna that exists now is the sister that I know. I told you this story before, Nightmare moon was just a side of her that got out of control.”Alright, you need to calm down a bit. You can see clearly that Celestia is trying her best to get you to understand, but almost being killed is making that very hard for you.“Can you really trust this Luna? If she’s betrayed you once. What will stop her from doing it again?”“The elements of harmony have purified her.” She says with confidence.“What the hell are the elements of harmony?”“They are the strongest form of magic in this world. Twilight and her friends each bears an element that they control.”You feel your patience running thin. However, as you start to think about everything, you take notice of something. Things from your past, your time spent with Twilight, the very first day Celestia introduced you to Twilight, those cryptic words.You look Celestia dead in the eye. “You knew.”Celestia turns away from your gaze. “I did.”“That’s why you sent Twilight away, isn’t it?”She nods. “I have foreseen this event long before it happened.”“...Spoilers.” You whisper under your breath. You shake your head some as you try and take in all this new information. You feel something settle onto your shoulder. You look up to see Celestia sitting in front of you with her hoof on you.“There are many things that I cannot see.” She scoots closer. “I did not foresee your arrival.” She moves even closer. “I did not foresee my love for you.”“How can I trust you?” You ask.She looks you dead in the eyes. “Because I have never lied to you.”Well, you can’t deny that. While it’s true that she may have never told you what was happening, she’s never lied to you about anything. You let out a sigh as you wrap your arms around her and pull her into an embrace.“I thought that monster was going to take you away from me.” You say.Celestia rests her muzzle onto your shoulder. “I know, but that monster is not my sister.”A long sigh leaves you. “I will not promise that we will get along.”“I know, but you must understand that my sister is a good pony. She has been locked away on the moon for one thousand years. I can assure you that she is a lonely soul.”The both of you break from your embrace. There’s not much you can say. If Celestia says that her sister is going to play nice, then you will do the same. Doesn’t mean you won’t carry your dagger on you just in case.“Does she know about,” You point between the two of you.Celestia blushes some. “I haven’t found the time to tell her.”“When do you think we should meet her?” You ask.Celestia shakes her head. “I have so much work ahead of me. Not only that but,” She hangs her head low. “I am afraid that my sister will hate me for what I did to her.”You aren’t really sure how to answer that. It wasn’t a question, but you can tell that your princess wants to hear something reassuring. “She’ll probably understand.” You say. “Things were hectic back then.”Celestia looks up at you. “I hope you are right.” Celestia gets up and walks over to one of her mirrors. “It still doesn’t change the fact that I cannot see her yet. Perhaps in a few days I will get the free time. Until then, I have one request for you.”You straighten up some. “Yes?”“Keep my sister company. I know you won’t believe me right now, but you two have a lot in common.”You really wish your princess did not request that. You are still kinda iffy about meeting this mare. Yet, if what your princess says is true, then you will be hating a creature that you have never met before.“Very well.” You accept her request.“Thank you, she’s in the tower opposite to mine.”You rise from your seat. “I guess I can pay her a quick visit.”Celestia smiles at you. “This means a lot to me.”You walk up to her and give her a quick peck on the lips.“You owe me.”“I know how to repay you.” She gives you a wink.You can already feel your mood improving.“I’ll be back soon.”Well, you might as well get this over with.You’ve never been over to this side of the castle. Even as a captain, there are just some places you can’t step foot in and Celestia made it clear since day one that she didn’t want a single soul to step foot/hoof in the southern tower. It almost feels taboo in a way to be walking up the seemingly never-ending stairway. Each step echos and magnifies as it travels up. If her sister isn’t deaf, she will be expecting company. You find your mind wandering on what her sister actually looks like. You hope that she doesn’t look anything like the monster you had to fight, because that will make accepting her all the more difficult for you. You settle your thoughts as you reach the top. Standing in front of her door is something that makes you uneasy.Thestrals, more commonly know as bat ponies. These creatures have been here since you became captain, yet they were never under your command. They have their own captain and she’s not a pony you like to deal with. Her attitude never seemed to suit the captain lifestyle. There was nothing you could do to change that. They are night guards, it kinda makes sense now. These are Luna’s guards.You walk up to the door and look down at the pony you were thinking of a few moments ago.“Blossom.” You say with professionalism.“I would greet you, but you’ve never told me your name.” She responds.“Is Luna busy?”“Why do you ask, Former captain?”“Celestia has sent me to meet her.”She rubs a hoof against her chin in thought.“I guess she’s available.” She drops her hoof. “But you’re a civilian now, you shouldn’t even be up here.”You scoff. “If you want to get technical, Blossom. I’m your prince, seeing as I’m dating Celestia.”Blossom rolls her eyes. “A concubine can never become royalty.”You scratch your chin in thought. “That’s for Celestia to decide. The fact of the matter is until proven otherwise, I’m technically in charge of not only you but the nation.” You lean down and flick her nose. “Let’s not get on my bad side. We’ve known each other for a very long time. You know that my hands are dirty while your hooves are clean.”She narrows her eyes at you.“Don’t you dare talk down to me in front of my soldiers.”You stand back up. “Then let me in, because there’s more than enough that I can tell these soldiers about you. Remember that one time you were drunk and you came to my roo-”She flies up and shoves her hoof into your mouth.“Dammit! J-Just shut up and wait a minute.”You remove her hoof from your mouth.“Please inform Luna that I wish to meet her.”Blossom turns around, but not before she flicks her tail hard against your leg. You let her have that as she walks inside of the dark abyss behind the door. A few minutes pass and Blossom returns.“You’re free to enter.”You walk past her and into the room. There’s nothing else you want to say to Blossom anyways, the less time around her is best for your sanity. As you look around the room, you notice how dark it is. “Who are you to request our presence?” A small voice calls from the darkness.“Former captain of the solar guard.” You answer. “You hold yourself well and you speak with force. What manner of creature are you?”“Human. I am the only one of my kind here.” A silence builds in the room as you try and locate wherever this Luna is. Still it’s too dark for you to see clearly. You can only assume that it’s magic being cast to hide her presence from you.“It must be very lonely for you.” You hear a certain pain in her words.“It can be, at times.”“I know all too well on how lonely things can get.” “I can’t imagine being locked in the moon for a thousand year.” You try to sympathize.“Being alone with maddening thoughts for so long can do untold things to a pony.”You hear a click clack of hooves coming towards you. You stand your ground and wait for this pony to show herself. “Humans are no different.” You answer.You can feel something moving around you.“You have my sister's scent on you. Are you her concubine?” She asks.“Partner, actually.” You answer. “We’re equals.”“Equals? Are you of royal blood?”“Things like that mean nothing.”A scoff echos in the room. “In my time, it meant the difference between asking and taking.”“Good thing we’re not in your time anymore.” You say honestly.“So much has changed.” She admits. The darkness in the room suddenly fades away as the entire room comes into view. You look around but don’t see Luna anywhere or even a pony even relating to Nightmare moon. “I must admit that it’s been a long time since anypony has stood above me.”You look down to the sudden voice that came from the ground. You feel your brow raise considerably as you see a little filly standing there. She has a very pale looking blue coat and a small tiara of some kind sits atop her head. “Luna?” You ask confused.She nods. “You are correct.”“I wasn’t expecting Celestia’s sister to be so young.” You say genuinely. “Nightmare moon was the same size as her, even looked the same age.”Luna winces at that name. “Yes, I’m currently in a weakened state. In time, my form will return back to what I once was.”“Like Nightmare moon?”Another wince. “Nay, another form entirely.”“I see.” A silence builds between the two of you.“Why have you come here?” She asks.“Your sister wants me to get to know you.” You admit.Luna looks up at you. “You do not fear me?”You shake your head. “No. I will admit that I was worried that you would look like Nightmare moon, but that worry has been squashed.”She nods some as she looks over at something.“Would you care to join me for a spot of tea?”You feel your posture ease some as you nod.“That sounds fine.”You will have to admit that talking to this filly is starting to remind you of Twilight. Just a general awkward and weird feeling that she exudes. The two of you talked about what her life was like on the moon and even her life before she was sent to the moon. How she had friends and liked to partake in many activities that are no longer around. Such as gladiatorial fights and things like that. Everything about her is really interesting. It still seems so odd that she’s in that filly body of hers.“I must admit that I enjoy talking to you.” Luna admits.You chuckled some at that. “I enjoy talking to you as well, Luna.”“May I ask something?”You shrug. “I guess.” You lift your tea cup up to drink whatever’s left in it.“What are your thoughts on rutting?”You do a perfect spit-take. With Luna sitting right in front of you. Her eyes are wide as her mane drips wet from the tea you spit. You cough some as you try and catch your breath. “S-Sorry.” You cough out.“How dare you?!” She screams in a filly shreak.“I didn’t mean it!” You shout back.“You’ve sullied my coat!”“I told you I didn’t mean it!”She lets out a huff as she magics over a large towel to use on herself. You can only sit there and watch her as she quickly dries herself off.“Answer our question.” She says with irritation.“Rutting is fine.” “Then would you be interested in rutting?”“What?” You ask confused.She’s looking directly at you. “Would you be interested in rutting me?”Alright, no need to overreact. The two of you have been talking a lot about the differences from her time to this time. This is probably some kind of weird thing that she thinks is normal.“No, I’m with Celestia.” You answer.“What does that have to do with anything?” “We’re monogamous.”Luna laughs. “My sister, monogamous?! Pray, whom was it that told such lies?” “It’s not a lie.” You say getting serious.“Hmm? Well, I remember a time when my sister had many colts lining her chambers.”“Colts?” You feel your mind go blank.Luna giggles. “Ah, my sister use to have a certain taste for the younger flesh.”You shake that away. “That doesn’t mean shit now. Times have changed.”She looks at you with a raised brow. “Have they? Why do I see the lie you just told?”You feel the hairs on your neck raise.“What do you mean?”Luna smirks at you.“Oh? So you and Twilight? Here I thought her flower was unviolated.”You quickly look up and see her horn is lit. You feel your guard training kick in as you flip the table. Luna flinches as the table flies over her, you leap towards her and draw your blade in the blink of an eye. You land on top of this filly and press your blade to her neck. As you slowly press your steel against her throat, you feel something cold pressing at the nape of your neck. You glance from the corner of your eye to see Blossom there with a wing blade resting on the back of your neck.“Stay your blade.” She warns.You look down at Luna to see the look of shock and even an inkling of fear on her face. You press the blade into her throat a bit more, just enough to barely break her skin.“Don’t you dare enter my mind again. Princess or not, your blood is red like everyone else’s.” You warn just before you remove your blade.Blossom removes her wing from you as you push her out of the way. You no longer wish to stay here anymore. You leave without a word, you need to try and calm your nerves.“Shining Armor!” You shout as you enter the barracks.He quickly enters the room from his office.“Sir?” He asks.“Sparring ring, now.” You start to disrobe into something more comfortable.He gives a salute and quickly runs back into his office. The rest of the recruits start to take notice of you. Murmurs spread quickly, but you face them to squash any thoughts they may have.“Pegasi, earth ponies!” They all face you. “Get out into the yard. You’re about to learn how to combat unicorns. This is specialized training. If you do not wish to participate, then stay here.”That’s all they need to hear as they quickly run outside, even the unicorns run out as well. You wrap your fists up so they wouldn’t take too much damage. You walk outside and find that Shining is already waiting for you. Shining looks at all the soldiers around, then back to his captain.“Sir, why are we out here?” He asks.“I’m going to level with you here, Shining. I almost killed Celestia’s sister.” You can see him gulp a little. “I didn’t, but I’m pissed off and need to blow off some steam. We’re going to do a little demonstration for your boys, teach them how to fight unicorns.”He nods. “I’ve been meaning to cover that, but you’re considered the best in that field.”“For a good reason.” You answer. You walk up to Shining Armor and pat his head. “Sorry for this being so sudden. You’re the captain. If you want to stop this, then say so.”He shakes his head. “It’s no problem. We’re soldiers, I understand that sometimes you just need to hit things to feel better.”You chuckle at that. “Yeah.”You and Shining face the crowd before you. “In case you maggots haven’t heard, I will be teaching you how to combat a unicorn!” You shout. You notice a unicorn raise his hoof. “Yes?”“We have magic, how can you teach anypony how to fight us?” He asks.“Front and center!” You shout. The unicorn scrambles out of line to stand right in front of you.“Shining, please take a step back.” You command. He does so without question.“Thank you for volunteering for the first demonstration.” You say to the unicorn. You face the crowd. “Yes, unicorns do have magic, but their magic has flaws. Exploit any of these things and you can guarantee their blood will spill onto the floor.”All the ponies cringe at that image as you walk a few paces away from the unicorn. “Ready yourself for battle!” You shout.The unicorn lights his horn up.“Shining, on your mark!” You shout.You feel your eyes focus on the unicorn before you. A certain spike of adrenaline filling your veins. “Mark!” Shining yells.You quickly dodge to the left as a bolt of lightning lands where you were standing. You pick up a pebble on the ground mid roll and toss it at the horn of the unicorn as you land on your feet. You hit him dead on the horn and sprint right towards him. He’s too dazed to notice your rapid approach. Once you are in range, you wrap your left arm around his neck and your right hand over his horn as you jerk his head back. That’s all you need to do as he starts tapping your arm.You let go of the pony as he falls to the ground gasping for breath. You stand back up and look to the crowd as they look on in awe.“Magic doesn’t mean shit. Unicorns are no stronger than any earth pony or pegasus. In fact, they’re weaker due to cockiness.”A pegasus this time raises his hoof. You point at him.“What exactly did you do?” He asks.You nod at that, it probably happened rather fast. You walk over to the unicorn as he rubs his head some. “You alright?” You ask.He nods. “Yeah.”You help him up and point at his horn.“I know you boys have gotten those dicks wet before. A unicorn mare’s horn is very sensitive to stimulation while they are casting magic. The same is true for stallions. When I struck him with that rock, it was equal to being kicked in the balls.”They all cringe at that.“Remember, there may be a time when you are fighting a unicorn. It’s either you or him. Respect and honor doesn’t mean shit when you’re dead. Remember that.”They all nod and the pony that asked the question moves back into the group, just for another one to take his place.“Why did you wrap your claws around his horn?” He asks.You chuckle at that. “Hands, not claws. Good question.” You pat the unicorn standing next to you on the withers so he knows he can return to the group.“Applying light pressure onto the base of a unicorn's horn cuts off blood flow from his Starswirl gland. This is why we use horn restraints on prisoners to nullify their magic.”“What if we don’t have hands?”“Do whatever you can. Chances are you boys won’t be going to war anytime soon, but always remember that you may need to do whatever you can to survive. Bite their horns off if you have to, or if all else fails, a dead unicorn is a safe unicorn. Obviously if you’re dealing with a civilian the options are different. Knock them unconscious as a last resort. I don’t expect you kids getting anypony crazy enough to require lethal or excessive force, but you should never let your guard down.”They all become dead serious as they listen to you. They can hear the tone in your voice that speaks volumes about what you’ve been through. The Nightmare moon incident is helping drive your point home. You can tell that they’re hanging on every word you speak.“What else is there to know?!” A pony shouts from the crowd.You nod. “Unicorns in the crowd, light your horns!”They do so.“Another way to combat a unicorn is to-” You look past them. “Princess!” You quickly salute.All of the guards turn around in shock, only to see nothing there. When they turn around, they see you’re only a single step away from them. They all flinch back.“Magic requires concentration. Break it and they fail to cast spells. Loud noises work well.”You step back into the center of the yard. You wave Shining Armor over. He takes his place by your side.“Shining Armor is your captain. His captain was me. Shining did not become captain because his sister is some kind of prodigy to the princess. He fought and earned the title I gave him.” You look at him. “Prepare for battle!”He quickly hops a good distance away from you. You smile at that as you hold up your hand for him to pause.“Look at your captain!” You shout. They all look at him. “Did you see what he did?”“He moved away from you!” Someone shouts.You nod. “He did. Unicorns! Pay attention, your captain will be demonstrating how to properly fight as a unicorn against a lethal non-unicorn target!”You pull the two daggers you keep in your boots and fall into a stance.“Shining Armor!” He looks at you. “Do not hold back!”He gives you a nod. “Bystanders!” The group looks at you. “On your mark!”You can feel time start to slow as your heart picks up the pace. It’s a feeling you have felt many times before. You won’t be holding back in this fight and neither will Shining Armor. One wrong move can mean the difference between life and death for the both of you. A sharp mind and keen senses are all you have. It’s all you need.“Mark!” The crowd shouts.Time is still moving slowly for you as you watch Shining lower his stance. He’s not casting magic just yet. He’s smart, it’s why you picked him to be captain. You steady your breaths as you watch every twitch of his muscles that he gives off. Every breath and every step he takes. The both of you have been circling each other. Every step forward you make, he takes one back.He knows you. Distance is key when fighting against you. However, he also has a cast distance limit he has to think about. Only ponies like Twilight are able to cast and maintain spells at insane distances. You’re happy that you will never have to face Twilight in battle. She has the power to end your life without a single thought. Shining takes a step forward and fires a fireball at you. You swipe your blade up and redirect it upwards. He’s testing you. No matter how many times you’ve done this, Shining has always taken his time to test his enemies. Find weak points he can exploit. You kick a sizable rock that’s in front of you towards him. It breaks apart against a pinkish shield.You feel your brow raise. You always hated that shield of his. The both of your continue to circle one another. You feel your mind coming back to Twilight. She looked so worried about you when you were in that hospital bed. You hate to admit it, but you really miss her. It just feels wrong knowing that she lives in Ponyville now. Shining fires a lightning spell at you. You toss a dagger to the ground and the lighting redirects towards it like a lightning rod. You jump back, leaving your dagger on the floor in case he tries to cast more lightning. He can’t pick up your dagger anyways. You had them enchanted to nullify magic.“Pretty good.” You compliment.“Same for you, sir.” He responds.You smirk at that as your mind goes back to thinking about Twilight. Her time as a filly. All the memories you shared. Your mind going back to that intimate moment you shared. Was it wrong, was it right? You haven’t found an answer to this day. All you know is that Twilight is a great mare and you’re happy that she’s happy.Shining charges towards you with his shield up. You take a step back but feel something pressed right against your heel. You look down to see a small shield. “Shit!” You bend further back so you land on your hands and continue the flip to avoid from falling back. Shining in right in front of you as he rears up to buck you. You turn left to dodge but feel a solid barrier. He put shields all around you to keep you in place. Except one area. You jump forward and soar over his hind hooves and head. You tuck and roll and quickly turn around and swipe your blade.Shining lands on his hind hooves and pushes off so he can hop further away while maintaining his momentum. You can see a large cut running along his cheek now as blood flows onto the floor.“That was smart, really smart.” You compliment. “Remember to restrict forward movement as well.”He nods in determination.“Understood.”You watch as Shining casts a shield quickly onto the floor. He even made sure your ankles were stuck in the process. Clever. You watch as Shining runs towards you. He has you where he wants you. However, you have a bit of magic as well. You wrap your hand around a fishing line attached to your wrist. You yank it hard. Shining casts a spell for a magic sword. He doesn’t get far as your fishing line wraps around his hooves. His eyes widen as he face plants onto the shield he made. He wasn’t expecting that to happen. His concentration is broken and the shield drops. You quickly run over to him, toss him onto his back so you can press your blade to his throat with one hand and wrap the other around his horn. “Do you yield.” You ask.He smiles at you with a slightly bloody muzzle.“D-do you?”You feel something cold press against your own neck. You look down to see Shining has a hoof dagger pressed against your throat. You smile brightly at him.“Smart little bastard.” You joke as you let him go.“Not so bad yourself, Sir.”The both of you get up with smiles on your faces. Shining’s a little bloody, but nothing major. You pat him on the withers.“Good fight.” You say.“Good fight.”The both of you look over at the crowd. All the recruits have their jaws on the floor.“Any questions?”All their hooves fly up. You point at one.“You!”“What magic did you use on Shining?” He asks.“No magic at all.”“We saw him fall when your hand moved!” Another calls out.Shining looks at you in curiosity as well. You look at him with a smile as you walk over to the dagger you left in the dirt. You pull it out and walk over to him. you take a bit of the fishing line that’s attached to it and wrap it around your hand while you hold the dagger in the other, leaving space in between them“Shining, try to move your hoof through my hands.”He does as you ask and his brow raises when he feels resistance. He places his hoof onto the ground and moves closer to see what’s there.“It’s string.” He says in disbelief.You look to the crowd.“I have a piece of fishing line attached to the handle of my dagger. In most cases, I use it to retrieve my dagger in the heat of battle, but, in this case, I used it to tangle Shining Armors hooves up.”They look on in awe.“It is not me you should be praising!” You yell. “You captain himself showed you all a valuable lesson. Never assume anything about your enemy. A unicorn may have magic, but it’s foolish to rely on it as your only weapon. When his magic was no longer an option, Shining resorted to a backup plan. In battle, there’s no telling what can happen. I’ve seen unicorns lose their horns and they took a sword into their mouths and kept fighting. Remember, your greatest strength is also your weakness! So ensure that your weakness is made into a strength.”They all salute with a certain fire in their eyes.“Recruits!” Shining shouts. They all looks to him, still saluting. “Each pony pair up with a unicorn. Sparring matches. Non-lethal.”“Yes, Captain!” They shout as they get onto the field.Shining and you walk towards the sideline.“That was rather fun.” You admit.Shining touches his cheek. “Did you really have to cut my face? It’s my bread and butter.”You heartily laugh.“Yeah, I wouldn’t want to make Cadance angry with me. Hey, how’s she doing?”He blushes some. “We’re getting kinda serious. We’ve talked about moving in together.”“Already?” You pat his back. “Good on you, Son.”He laughs. “Yeah, I think I love her.”You kneel down some and smack his chest.“You feel it here?”He nods. “I do, sir.”“Then no need to think.” You stand back up and look over the recruits. “We sure lit a fire under their tails.”Shining chuckles. “Yeah, I’ve never seen them so motivated before.”“I’ll leave you to get cleaned up. I’ve got things I need to attend to.”“Hey, Sir...”You look down at Shining.“Do you think I’ll ever beat you?” He asks.You smirk at him.“Work hard enough and maybe you will.” You turn around and walk down the hall. “Till next time, Shiny.”“Halt!”You turn around and look down to see Midnight Blossom standing before you.“What do you want?” You ask.“I’ve been ordered by Princess Luna to escort you to her chambers.”“Well, you can tell your princess to go fuck herself.” You turn back around and continue down the hall.“How dare you!” She flies in front of your face. “You’re lucky that your head is still attached to your shoulders after what you did to her!”You scoff. “And your princess is lucky that she isn’t currently choking on her own blood. Don’t act stupid, Blossom. Princess or not, what she did is punishable by death.”“Mind invasion isn’t punishable by death!” “It is if the creature being invaded is a former captain of the guard!” You shout her down.She quickly looks away knowing you’re right. “Now get the fuck out of my way, Blossom!” “I have orders!”“Your orders do not apply in my situation. Either you get out of my way or I will have you stripped of your rank for illegal detainment!”She looks up at you with pleading eyes.“Please, please don’t do this. I swear the princess isn’t going to harm you. She just wants to apologize for what she did.”You continue to look into those large watery eyes of hers. You take a long breath in and slowly let it out. You can’t believe this, you’re getting too soft.“Mark my words, Blossom. If she enters my mind again, I will kill her and your entire guard if I have to.” You look her dead in the eyes. “You may be able to hold a blade to my neck, but you’ll never have the guts to spill my blood. I do not share that sentiment.”She gulps as she nods slightly. “I-I understand.”“Lead.” You command her.She walks off towards the tower. You still can’t believe you’re doing this.“She’s waiting inside.” Blossom says. “I’ve been ordered to not enter her room while you two speak.”You roll your eyes as you walk past her and into the room. You look around to find the mare and you spot her quickly as she’s sitting in the center of the room. She’s facing away from the door as you walk inside and the bat ponies close it behind you.“What do you want?” You ask in a harsh tone.You see her visibly flinch at you words.“I am sorry for what I did to you earlier.” She says sadly. “Everything is so different. Things that were taboo are now alright and things that were once alright are now taboo. I don’t know what is right or wrong anymore.”Even from where you stand you can see small glints fall to the floor. You want to feel angry, you want to hate her, but in many ways you’re just like her. When you first came to this world, everything was so different. It took you time to learn how to function, but Celestia was there to help you the entire way. Luna is no different in this aspect. What she did was wrong, but she didn’t know that. You walk over to her and lay your hand onto her withers.“I get it. It must be a bit disorienting for you. Everything has changed and that means you’ll have to change as well.”She turns around and looks up at you with those crying filly eyes. You feel your mind flashing back to Twilight when she was in pain because of her Starswirl sickness. A certain ache starts to fill you.“I am sorry for having caused you distress. I am not evil like Nightmare moon.”“I know.”“I’m so lonely.”“You still have your sister. You aren’t as lonely as you think.” You try to cheer her up.She lets out a sigh. “I miss the touch of another creature. I have gone so long without feeling like a mare.” She looks up at you with her glistening eyes. “I know that my words hold no weight, but I just wish to feel normal. If only for a night.”“I can’t do that, princess. I would be betraying Celestia’s trust.”Luna lowers her head. “So much has changed.”“I’m sorry, Luna.” You move away from her and towards the door to leave. “Your sister will be busy, She’ll probably see you tomorrow.”Luna doesn’t respond as you open the door and walk out. Blossom is standing there looking at you.“I didn’t hear any struggling. I can assume you played nice?” She asks.You scoff as you walk past her. You need to get some rest. The sun is starting to set and you still feel kinda weak after everything that’s happened.You’re back in the infirmary slowly drifting to sleep. It seems that your nurse was rather displeased with you when she found out that you escaped her care. She caught you walking down the hall a few hours ago and dragged you back here to rest. She lectured you about how you were still healing and how much of an idiot you were being by aggravating your body so much. She even heard about your sparring match with Shiny. So that little bit of information made her all the more aggressive when she pushed you towards the bed and commanded you to get in. You didn’t want to fight her, after all, she’s just looking out for your best interest. Not only that, but you don’t want to see Celestia tonight. You’re not sure what you’re going to tell her about the situation with Luna. You don’t want to lie to her. The two of you have always been straightforward with one another. If either of you asked a question, then the other answered. It wasn’t because she was your princess or anything. The two of you genuinely believe that honesty will help your relationship last. Celestia is old and because of her age she was on board with not playing games with each other. It’s why you told her about Twilight. It’s why you told her you would keep the promise you made to Twilight. It’s why you told her that you love Twilight, but, not in the same way you loved her. Celestia has your heart, but you don’t wish to break Twilight’s either. You thought at the time she would become angry or even suggest not getting into a relationship with you. Yet, she told you that she understood and would not force you to break your promise. You were confused by her acceptance. You even went so far as to challenge why she would be alright with this. She told you that she is from another time. While her ideals have changed, she still understands that what you may or may not share with Twilight isn’t a way of you hurting either of them. If you were going to hide it from her, then that would’ve been a different thing, but the both of you have always been truthful with each other.You were stunned that your princess would be so, reasonable. She told you that as long as you came back to her, that you promise never to betray her, then she didn’t care what you do with her student. In fact, she openly expressed how happy Twilight and you are together. How her student becomes a different pony when she’s around you. How she trusts her life to you. Something that the princess can understand very well, because for so long she has trusted her own life to you as well. That’s why she doesn’t see what you and Twilight have as anything wrong. At heart, you’re still Twilight’s guard and you would do anything to protect her. You love her, but you aren’t in love with her like you’re in love with Celestia. Everything she told you at that moment shook you to the core. Your princess is so wise. So beautiful. You don’t deserve a pony like her. Yet you’re the only one she has eyes for.How are you going to tell her that you almost murdered her sister? That you were fully intending on driving your dagger into her throat. To spill her blood with no hesitation. You can’t lie to her. You also can’t allow her to find out this information from elsewhere. You’ll get up as soon as the sun rises and tell her. Your mind still weighs heavy, but your activities from this day force your body to sleep.You quickly feel your eyes open. You look over to the window to see the first few rays of the sun trying to push their way over the horizon. Celestia is starting to wake up. It’s time to get to her room. You get out of bed, dress and get to marching. You walk past all the other guards that give you a salute just before they return to their posts. It seems that they’re saluting a little longer than normal. These boys are rather appreciative of the show they got yesterday.No need to think about that. Shining is a fine captain and he’ll get these kids into tip-top shape. You walk over to the northern tower and quickly make your way up the long spiral stairs. You see two guards standing at Celestia’s door. They give salutes and open her doors without question. You sleep in her room, so it’s not like they’ll keep you out.“You two are dismissed. Report to Shining and tell him that I require privacy.”“Sir!” They salute and leave without question.They probably think you two are going to get intimate. You never liked the thought of soldiers standing outside to hear all the grunts and moans that came from within. So you always dismissed them. You shake your thoughts clear. You need to focus! You turn about to face the door and quietly walk inside. You spot a lump under the sheets and a dimly lit horn. Celestia is always moving the sun, whether ponies know it or not. It’s a passive thing for her. She only usually lights her horn up as a public display for her ponies. Otherwise, it’s just a faint glow, invisible to many since it’s so dim, but in this rather dark room you can see it.  You walk over to the side of the bed and gently slide under the covers and act as the big spoon as you hold her to your chest. “Is that you, Hon?” Celestia asks in a groggy voice.“Yeah,” You whisper softly.“Where have you been?” “Infirmary. The nurse was rather upset with me.”She chuckles. “Tender Love can be rather dramatic at times.”You want to laugh, but you feel your mind wander to what you want to say. You feel Celestia spin around to face you. A questioning gaze is on her face at your silence.“What’s the matter?” She asks concerned.You look into her eyes. Her beautiful pink colored eyes. It hurts you so much to have to tell her this. You feel like a goddamned idiot for having done what you did. Sure Luna read your mind, but, that doesn’t excuse what you did.“T-Tia.” You see her become far more worried at your tone. “I have to tell you something.”Her attention is fully on you. You can see a clear look of fear in her eyes. She’s never seen you like this before. You’ve never felt like this before. Everything you’ve done you’ve believed to be right. Even in the moment, the Luna thing felt right, but now, when you’re here... It feels like you’re the villain.“I-I...” You bite your lip as you look away from her.You feel a hoof redirect you back to facing her. She’s almost about to panic as she looks into your eyes.“Honey, sweetie... Whatever is happening, tell me. We can work this out.” She sounds so desperate.Don’t lie, you can’t. You need to tell her. “Tia... I went to see your sister. Like you asked.” She nods. “...I-I tried to kill her.”You can feel both of your hearts stop as those words leave your mouth. The look of pure shock is all you gain from her. “I-It was going well at first.” You try to quickly explain. “But then, she started saying that you screwed colts. That you were incapable of being monogamous. L-Like you were some harlot!” You reel in your thoughts. “I don’t care about your past.” You quickly say. “But then when I tried to defend you.. She.. She went into my mind. Started to tell me about what Twilight and I did.” You haven't looked away from Celestia the entire time. “My training kicked in. I reacted and had my blade to her neck. If, If Blossom wasn’t there.. I-I might’ve..”You feel something rest on your lips. You look down to see the tip of her wing is there. You look back up to see tears in her eyes. “Please, don’t say any more.” She begs.You feel your eyes become moist as you look into her eyes. You’ve only cried twice since coming to Equestria. The first was the day Twilight left... Now you cry because you have hurt your princess. Something you’ve never wanted to happen.“I’m sorry.” You say.She doesn’t say anything as she rests her head against your chest. You wrap her into your arms tightly. Your mind keeps berating you as you hold her. How you don’t deserve her. How much of an idiot you are. You’re just a waste of time. Eventually, you’ll hurt everyone who cares about you.“Do you hate her?” Celestia asks in a sorrowful tone.“I-I don’t think so... I understand she’s from another time, but. What she said about you. Is it true?” You ask.Celestia looks up at you. She’s still sad, but she gives you a nod.“When I was younger, those times were different.” She admits. “I had harems of ponies to call on should I need gratification.” She then looks into your eyes. “But I’ve never loved them. They were simply tools for stress.”You hate to ask her this, but what Luna said did hurt you.“Was what Luna said, about you being unable to be monogamous.. Was that true?”She shakes her head. “Anon. I love you and only you. However...” She looks away in shame. “I.. hoped we could talk about this at a better time, but.. An alicorns estrus can be, dangerous..”“Dangerous?” You ask confused.She nods. “Unlike most mares, it lasts only a single day. It’s known as the day the sun never sets. My magic becomes unstable, my mind and body uncontrollable.” She looks you in the eyes. “For that day and that day alone I will take anything that walks into my bed. Not a single stallion,” her eyes sadden. “Or man can satisfy me.”You get what she’s telling you. She’s not saying it, but you can understand what she’s trying to say. She’s telling you that during her estrus. She’ll pretty much fuck anything that walks. She even admits that you can’t help her during this time. It’s uncontrollable. You can see as you look into her eyes a certain fear of rejection. You, don’t feel angry or upset. In fact, having her tell the truth is making you accept this. If she can accept what you and Twilight have, which oddly enough happens when she goes into estrus, then who are you to deny her this? Like she said. She doesn’t love any of them, she’s not even in control of herself. She does love you, though. That’s all that matters.“Ok.” Is all you can say.“You’re alright with this?” She asks.You nod. “You’ve told me the when and the why. Just as I told you the when and the why for what I have with Twilight. I’m not going to be mad about this. I accept it. As long as you love me, then that’s all I need to know.”She gives you a small smile. Then a sigh leaves her.“What am I going to do about you and my sister?” She asks herself.You feel as if you shouldn’t answer, but decide to try and help settle her thoughts.“We talked again after the incident.” You tell her. “Things are, somewhat on the level, but I think you should really talk to her.” You then remember something. “T-The entire fight only happened because she asked if I could rut her.”Celestia quickly looks at you.“My sister asked what?” The shock in her voice is clear.“She, asked if I was interested in her. I told her that you and I were together, which then lead to her saying that stuff about you and her reading my mind.”Celestia seems to be getting a better understanding of the situation, but she looks you in the eyes.“May I see?” She asks.You nod. “If you wish.”She closes her eyes and lays her horn gently onto your head. In a flash, you can feel her enter your mind. A few seconds pass and she leans away from you with another sigh.“I don’t blame you.” She says. “Neither do I blame my sister.” She looks at you. “As you said. She’s from a different era and she is acting the same way she used to act back in those old times. I will talk to her.”“I’m sorry.”Celestia shakes her head. “There’s no reason for you to be sorry.” She slowly crawls out of bed. “I should prepare myself for the day.”You let out a sigh this time.“Yeah, I’ll spend time with Twilight while she’s here. She probably wants to head on back to Ponyville soon.”“She’s made wonderful friends.” Celestia says feeling slightly better at the change of topic.“I wish I could meet them.” You say.“You will. They’ll be here for the small celebration and reintroduction of my sister I have planned.”You nod. “Well, at least there’s that.” You get up from bed. “See you tonight?”She smiles at that. “See you tonight.” You walk down the streets of Canterlot. You can still feel a certain pressure in your chest from this morning. You hope you can work through this. You don’t want to shun Celestia’s sister. You may not like her, but you love Celestia and that means you should at least try harder. Maybe seeing Twilight will help settle your thoughts on this matter.Her logical nature has always been something you found solace in. You walk up to a house and knock on the door. The handle glows in a silver color as it opens wide. Standing there is Twilight Velvet. Her eyes widen as her smile grows.“Well look who it is! Here I thought you forgot about your mother-in-law!” She says as she quickly hops onto her back hooves and wraps you into a strong embrace.“You know that I’m busy, mom. Someone needs to keep Shiny in check.” You smile back.She laughs as she drops back onto all four hooves. This mother-in-law stuff has been an ongoing thing. She’s always played around that you and Twilight were secretly married and that it was only a matter of time before you spilled the beans.“I’ve heard that excuse before. Come on in, your wife is in the kitchen along with everypony else.”She waves you inside and you take her up on the offer as she closes the door behind you. She quickly trots past you into the kitchen.“We’ve got company!” She shouts with glee.“Who?” You hear Shining’s voice.“Why your brother-in-law, silly!”You walk in just in time to see all eyes on you. Everyone is here. Nightlight, Twilight, Shining and even Cadance.“Hey!” Shining calls out. “What brings you here?”You look down at Twilight Velvet. “It’s been awhile since I’ve had momma’s cooking. You know those royal chefs have nothing on you.” You decide to lay it on thick for her.She goes beet red as she giggles to herself.“Oh stop it!” She says.You walk over and take the open seat next to Twilight. You rest your arm on her withers as you pull her to your side.“Also, what kind of husband would I be if I weren’t with my wife?” Twilight is now just as red as her mother as she looks at you with a glare.“Don’t encourage my mother.” She says.You chuckle as you ruffle her mane some.“Seriously though. It’s been too long. Since all this crazy stuff’s been happening, I’ve finally found some free time!”Nightlight nods at that.“We’ve heard. You fighting Nightmare moon valiantly to the end. Then my daughter beats her with the elements of harmony no less! It’s been a crazy turn of events.”You can see Shining fall into a bit of a sour mood. You sneakily move your hand behind Twilight and flick his side. He casts a sideways glance at you. You just give him a look that tells him to stop. He gives a shallow nod. You know his mind still thinks about that fight. All of the things he could’ve done. He doesn’t need to think like that here. Check your problems at the door as they say.Cadance speaks up next.“It’s been so long since we’ve talked as well.” She looks at you. “How have things been going with my aunt?”You shrug. “Good. As you probably know I’ve been down and out for awhile. Just got up yesterday.”“Shouldn’t you be resting?” Velvet asks.You shake your head. “I’m fine, seriously. I’ve done enough resting.”Twilight decides to weigh in. “He’s alright, mom. I’ve found him to be two parts stubborn and one part logical. If he didn’t truly believe he was alright, then he would be resting. Not to mention, he’s rather resilient.”Shining scoffs. “Tell me about it.” He runs a hoof along the cut you gave him. It was fully healed, but the fur hasn’t grown back yet.Velvet looks at you. “You did that to your brother?”You hold up you hands. “We were just horsing around, mom. I swear!”She gives you a stern look.“It better have been just that. I won’t have my two boys at each other's throats.”“Don’t worry, mom.” Shining comes in. “Like I told you. We were training.”She shakes her head.“I swear you ponies take your training too seriously. What if one of you get seriously hurt?” She looks over at Nightlight. “Tell em, papa bear!”He rolls his eyes.“You two boys play nice.”“Ok, Dad.” Both you and Shining say at the same time.Velvet lets out a sigh of annoyance. Twilight grabs her attention.“Mom, the food?”Velvet looks alarmed.“The pancakes!” She quickly runs over to the stove, a small smoke stack rising.You look over at Twilight with a smile. You can see her looking at you in annoyance now.“Mom’s right. You’ve always taken training too seriously.” “I have to take it seriously. I’m just preparing those kids for whatever life tries to throw at them. A little pain now will spare them the pain that comes later.” You try to explain.“What if you hurt my brother?” She asks.You pat her on the head. “Twilight, if I wanted to hurt him then I would. However, I would never do that to him or any of my little ponies.”She raises a brow at you. “What about that one pony when I was nine?”You remember him. He bumped into Twilight and pushed her into a muddy puddle. Bastard didn’t even say he was sorry. Just kept his head held up high as if he owned the city. That changed when you literally kicked his ass. So hard in fact that you fractured his pelvis. You weren’t going to let some asshole push Twilight around like that. “He deserved it.” You answer. “That’s beside the point. You know full well that I have the control and timing to ensure that your brother was in no harm.”She sighs at that. “I know.”“You two are so cute together.” Cadance speaks out. “Why have you never asked him out, Twilight?” Twilight is completely red now. She’s stuttering profusely as she tries to give an answer.“She did,” You speak out. All eyes are on you. “For her prom. We enjoyed ourselves.”“That isn’t what I meant.” Cadance pouts some.You just laugh at her as Twilight gives you a thankful nod.“Anyways, you wouldn’t want me to break your aunt's heart would you?” You say slyly.Now Cadance is the one stuttering. Shining comes to her rescue.“He’s just messing with you.” He says.Cadance lets out a huff of annoyance, but before she can speak further, Velvet comes to the table and lays a stack in the center. She magics over plates and utensils for everyone.“Time to eat!”That’s enough to get everyone to grab a plate and a small stack of pancakes. Everyone at first eats in silence but Twilight speaks up.“Have you met Luna yet?” She asks you.You contain your flinch as you briefly cast a glance at Shining. You decide to play it off as nothing as you give her a nod.“Yeah, nice mare.” You lie.Twilight’s eyes narrow at you. She’s always been able to tell when you were lying to her. In fact, it’s gotten to the point where she can tell if anypony is lying to her. However, she probably knows you’re only doing it for her benefit. She lets it go.“I haven’t met her yet. What’s she like?” Cadance asks.You rub your chin some. “She’s very different. Archaic is the word that comes to mind. She speaks with a royal air about her. Not to mention she’s stuck in a filly body.”“What do you think of her?” She asks.“Nice mare.” You repeat. You see Cadance flinch as if she were struck. Damn. She probably felt a small inkling of hate. Since she is the princess of love, she is rather sensitive to the feeling of hate. She looks at Shining and he gives a shallow shake of his head. He’ll probably tell her later and that’s fine with you.“It’s so odd to think we have another princess.” Velvet comes in.Nightlight nods. “I agree. Not only that, but she was Nightmare Moon no less. Can we trust a pony like that?”“Dad!” Twilight gets offended. “The elements have removed that part of her. She’s not a bad pony.”“Still, that part of her had to come from somewhere.” He adds. “She may be the sweetest pony we’ve ever met, but that doesn’t change the fact that she’s done something wrong.”Twilight looks at her plate. “That still doesn’t mean we should treat her like a villain.”He nods. “I guess you’re right.”“You seem awfully quiet.” Velvet says as she faces you. “What do you think about this princess? What do you really think about her.”You look at Shining out of the corner of your eye. He shrugs unsure how to help. Well, the Sparkles have always been good ears for listening. They also don’t gossip like most ponies here. You feel that you can trust them with a little bit.“She’s very different. I honestly don’t like her, but I’ll try my best for Celestia’s sake.” You say honestly.“You two seem to have bad blood.” Velvet says. She’s always had that weird mother like ability to tell when someone’s holding something from them.You nod. “This is between us.” You say to the table and they nod. “I attacked Luna. Was only inches from taking her life.”They gasp at that. Most ponies still can’t handle the idea of taking another creature's life.“What would make you do such a thing?” Twilight looks up at you.You give her a look. “She invaded my mind. Saw things about my past.”She seems to understand what you’re telling her. “She did that without asking?” Shining comes in.You nod. “She did.”“You know the punishment for invading a former captain's mind is, right?” He pushes.“I know, Shiny. In fact, I made sure Blossom knew as well.” You inform him.He gets a frown on his face. Most ponies don’t know about Blossom, but the captain of the guard does. She’s not a pony many can get along with. Her attitude and everything just screams party girl and not authoritative figure. It’s understandable that he doesn’t like her as well.“What’s the punishment?” Velvet asks.“Um...” Twilight speaks up. “The punishment for invading a former or acting captain's mind is... Death.”Of course she would know. Twilight spent a good portion of her time reading about laws. Seeing as not only was her brother in the guard but also her best friend.“Correct. She’s lucky that Blossom was there to stop me.” You add.“To think she would do such a thing.” Velvet says aghast.“She’s from another time.” You at least try to defend, if only for Celestia’s sake. “Back then that stuff probably was normal. Doesn’t excuse the fact, but it does make sense.”“This is why I wonder.” Nightlight comes in. “If she did this, then what else is she capable of?”“Celestia is going to have a few words with her. Don’t worry.” You try to calm them.The room fills with silence, so you decide to try and change topics.“So, Twilight. The element of magic. I can’t believe it.” You pet her. “It seems like only yesterday that I was watching you levitate a book from the top shelf.”She can’t say anything as a large blush grows on her face.“Tell me about it!” Velvet comes in. “I’m so proud of my daughter.”Shining pats her back as well. “Yeah, when I heard my sister beat Nightmare moon, I was surprised.”“Really, it wasn’t much.”“Wasn’t much?” You chuckle. “Twilight, you saved the nation.”“I don’t want others to think that I’m better than anyone else. I’m just Twilight.”“Well, Just Twilight. You’re an amazing mare.” You grin at her as her blush deepens.“Just kiss already!” Velvet says with a chuckle.You give a shrug as you pull Twilight close to you and plant a kiss her lips. The room goes dead silent as Twilight looks at you with wide eyes. You pull away from her as she continues to look at you in shock. The kiss wasn’t anything too crazy, just a simple kiss.“I knew it.” Velvet whispers.“What are you doing?!” Twilight finally breaks out of her stupor.You chuckle. “Can’t I kiss my wife?”Her face is completely red now. You’re not sure if it’s from embarrassment or anger.“Alright, that’s enough playing around.” Shining comes in. “Mom, Dad. He’s just messing with us.”You hold your hands up. “Sorry. I sometimes can go a little too far with my practical jokes.”“I’m sure.” Velvet says with a knowing smile.You look over to a clock on the wall.“Well, wouldn’t you look at that? I need to head back to the castle.”Shining also nods. “Yeah, thanks for the breakfast, mom. I need to head on back as well.”“Are you two sure? There’s still plenty of food left?” Velvet asks.“Don’t worry. I’ll stop by again to check on Twilight.” You say.That’s enough to get her approval. Twilight gets up from her seat, still as red as can be.“I’ll show you out.”“Don’t worry, that i-”“I insist.” She says with a hardened tone.Oh boy. Looks like you’re in trouble. You ignore it for now as you walk out of the kitchen, but not before you give everyone a wave. “Later, Cadance. Mom, Dad.”Twilight pulls you out before you get a response. Shining is taking his time as he says his goodbyes as Twilight drags you in her magic out the door and slams it closed behind you.“What were you thinking?!” Twilight yells. “Now I’ll never hear the end of this from my mother!”“Twilight. It’s alright, just calm down.”“How can you do such a thing to me?!” Twilight is in a world of her own as she starts talking about a lot of things. You just shake your head as you kneel down and rest a finger on her lips. She stops talking as she looks into your eyes. You move the finger on her lips over her cheek as the rest of your fingers join in. Her mood shifts as she lets out a sigh and leans into your hand.“I’m not forgiving you for this.” She looks at you with a small frown.You lean in and give her another kiss on the lips. Her face turning red again.“Still not forgiving you.” You can see her resolve starting to break, so you lean in again, but this time you cup your hands around her ear and whisper into them just before you pull away..“What does that mean?” Twilight looks at you confused.You smirk at her as you get up and walk away.“It’s my name!” You shout back without turning around.You walk into the throne room feeling pretty good after the time you spent with Twilight. That good feeling dampens some as you notice that not only is Celestia sitting at her throne, but Luna is right beside her as well. You slow your pace some as you continue walking towards the two of them. Once you’re close enough to them you stop a foot away from the throne, something that doesn’t go unnoticed by Celestia.“How are things going?” You look past Luna as you keep your attention on your princess.She can easily tell that you’re doing this on purpose. She doesn’t wish to delay this any longer.“All I want is for the two of you to not be at each other's throats.” Celestia says. “My sister is going to need some time to learn how this world works. Not to mention that her magic isn't even a fraction of what it used to be.” Your princess looks you deep in the eyes. “I have one request for you. I know it’ll be hard, but please, for me.”You give a salute. “Ask and I shall follow.”You feel Celestia’s magic move your hand from your head. “This is not an order, this is a request. You are free to choose if you will accept it or not.”“What are you asking?”No point in beating around the bush. “My sister and I have talked for a long time about this. So do not think I say this lightly.” Celestia closes her eyes as she takes a few breaths. “I request that you lay with my sister, for just one night.”“This is not an order?” You ask.She shakes her head. “It’s not.”“Good to know. My answer’s no.”“Why?” Celestia asks.“I don’t love your sister.” You answer simply enough. “What I do with you and Twilight is done because I love you both. I will not lay with your sister because there is no love shared between us. It’s not only for the respect I have for myself and the ones I love but also your sister. To lay with her without love would make it seem as if she were nothing more than a common whore.”Celestia accepts your answer.“Thank you for the answer.”“May I leave?” You wave your hand towards the throne room door.Celestia nods. “You may. I’ll be tending to my sister today. Let the guards know that day court is canceled.”You nod as you turn away and walk towards the door. You can hear the two of them talking to one another, but you keep heading forward without pause. You get the feeling that this subject isn’t over yet.“Shining.” You pull his attention from the paperwork he’s currently working on. “Day court is canceled today. Celestia’s busy.”“Understood. Anything else worth mentioning?”“Luna wants me to rut her.”Shining spits out the water he was drinking at that moment.“W-What?!”“Yeah. Crazy shit, right?”“How does that even work? I mean, you’re with her sister!”You shrug. “Can’t tell you, Shiny. She just asked me if I wanted to rut her.”“You said no?”“Yup. I think it would just be awkward if I did rut her.”“So, you’ve thought about it?” He asks.“Well, of course I thought about it. Not that I considered it, which are two different things.”“Ok, I get it. What did you think about?”“She must be pretty lonely, right?” You say. Shining nods. “Thousand years on the moon. No one to talk to, no one to touch or hold.”Shining’s face starts to get sad. “Damn. Now even I’m thinking about it.”You pat his back. “I feel you. Still doesn’t change the fact that I won’t do it.”“Still. Pretty crazy to hear this.”You chuckle. “Yeah, it sure is.”“So what are you up to today?”You shrug. “I’m free.”Shining smirks at you. “Wanna help me with some more training?”You can feel the same smirk he has cross your lips.“I thought you’d never ask.”“What is wrong with you?!” Tender Love yells as she tucks you in. “I told you time and time again that you need rest.”“With all due respect. I know my limit.”“Is that so?” She jabs you in the side with one of her hooves. It’s enough to get a hiss of pain from you. “You still have a fracture on your rib. It won’t heal any faster if you’re up and around.”You rub the sore spot she made.“Alright. I get it. Stay off my feet. You don’t have to be so rough.”She scoffs. “With you, it’s the only way to get your attention.”“Don’t you have kids to get home to?” You ask.“And I would’ve been there hours ago if it wasn’t because of you.”Damn. Definitely hit you hard there. You let out a sigh.“Sorry, Tender Love.”She lets out a sigh. “Just stay for the night and take it easy tomorrow. I know you were the captain of the guard, but that doesn’t mean you should put yourself at risk.”“I get it. Thanks again.”She gives a nod as she walks out of the room. You’re just sitting there looking at the ceiling as you try to sleep. You hate saying it, but you’ve always hated the hospital. Just being here makes you feel uneasy. Sick ponies and germs. The strong chemicals they use to clean this place makes it seem dirtier than it actually is. There’s no other pony here, but it still makes you feel weird being here. This isn’t your first time here, but the feeling never goes away.You hear the sound of the main door open. You don’t even sit up to look who is entering.“I’m still in bed, Mrs.Tender Love.““You said you would be back to see me.”You sit up and see Twilight standing there giving you a small sneer.“Sorry about that. Tender Love wants me off my feet. Guess I still have a fractured rib.”Twilight walks up to you, never removing her cute sneer. She can’t even look angry without it putting a smile on your face.“So you just tell me your name and then leave me there?” She lets out a huff as she climbs onto your bed and lays beside you. “What kind of husband does that?”You chuckle. “The horrible kind.”“Your name’s weird. I thought it would’ve sounded pony like.”“My name’s weird?” You look at her. “Your name’s are weird where I come from.”She snuggles up closer to you. “It doesn’t matter. I had to get out of the house. Mom’s been talking nonstop about what you did.”You rest a hand behind her back and pull her closer. “Is she now?”Twilight nods. “I hope you’re ready to pay the price.”“What would that be?”“Well...” She gives a sly smile. “I’m rather hot and bothered.”“Twilight, I can’t exactly d-”She rests a hoof on your lips.“Shhh. Let me do all the work.” Twilight climbs on top of you and straddles your waist. “Just sit back and pay your debt.”You roll your eyes with a smirk. “Fine.”Twilight giggles as she leans forwards and gives you a kiss.“Just relax.”This is going to be a longer night than your expected. The thought of being in a hospital is no longer on your mind.You find yourself standing in your dream world. You have no idea why, but you instantly know that you’re in a dream. “What the hell?” You look around to see nothing really special about this place. “Why am I here?”“I brought you here.”You quickly turn around and see an alicorn standing before you. She’s a dark blue color and has what appears to be the night sky in her mane. You look at her confused and she seems to realize something.“You do not know me in this form. I am Luna.”That’s Luna? You remember her telling you something along the lines of changing over time, but why is she in your dreams?“You’re wondering why I’m here.”You feel a spike of anger as everything falls into place quickly. “You’re in my head!”She quickly speaks up.“Nay! I simply wish to talk.”“What more is there to say?”She looks sadly at the floor. “I’m sorry for having put you in a bind, as they say. I just, I agree with your sentiment. The words you spoke to my sister. They hold true. I do not wish for another to satisfy my needs, because it would make me feel like nothing more than a broodmare.”“So why me? You know that it would be no different.”She shakes her head. “Nay. It would be different. You would, respect me. Even if it were only slightly. You stand by a code and your code is law.”“Celestia already told me that I didn’t need to do it. Why would I betray her? I would rather die than see that happen.”“Things have become complicated. She wouldn’t see it as a betrayal.”“I should take your word on faith?”“Nay. Tomorrow when you wake, the two of you will talk. She will ask you again if you wish to rut me. I only come to your dreams to beg that you at least hear her out. As you see, we are more than just our form. Far more complicated than you could ever understand. My sister will speak to you about this.”You take a slow breath in and let it out. “I will not promise that my feelings will change.”She nods. “I understand.”Luna disappears in the darkness of you dream. You let out a sigh. This shit is complicated. You’ll need time to think.You feel your eye flutter open as the first rays of the sun lay on your face. You can feel something cuddling up next to you. You look down to see Twilight is still here. Her mane and coat messed up and drenched in sweat. The large smile on her face still hasn’t left since last night. You just chuckle as you shake her gently.“Twilight.” You call softly. “It’s time to get up.”Her face shifts from her smile to a frown as her muzzle wrinkles some.“Five more minutes, mom.” She mumbles in her sleepy state.You smirk as you move one of your hands down her thigh and between her legs. You gently start to rub along her slit. You can feel her body heat start to pick up slightly as her breaths start becoming baited. You dip a finger inside of her and start teasing her. You can only smile as her little moans start coming out. You decide to make this morning good for her as you keep fingering her, making sure to roll your thumb over her winking clit. “W-Wha?” Twilight slowly starts waking up.You lean your head onto her neck.“Shh..” You coo into her ear.You start picking up your pace as you feel her hips start to buck on instinct. You get your other fingers into it to help finish this. Twilight is wide awake now as her panting increases and her stifled moans become louder. She turns her head around so she can lock lips with you. You accept her as you rub her clit more. That’s enough to get a final moan out of her as she cums. You can feel her fluids rush past your finger and onto the bed. You both pull away from your kiss. She’s panting heavily as you smile at her.“M-Morning.” You chuckle. “Morning.”Twilight looks down at the bed. “I feel sorry for the pony that has to clean this.”“So do I.”You can see the sun is now over the horizon.“I need to talk to the princess.”You try to get up, but Twilight pushes you back onto the bed.“Not so fast, Mister.” She grins as her gaze moves lower. “I still owe you for what just happened.”She tries to move to your morning wood, but you stop her. She looks up to you confused.“We’re already dirty. Let’s do this while we’re getting clean.”That makes her eyes sparkle as she quickly hops out of bed.“What are you waiting for?!” She shouts with excitement.You just shake your head with a smile. “Patients, Twilight.”Her cute frown is back. You just chuckle as you walk past her and towards the royal bathhouse.Well, you definitely feel clean and dirty at the same time. The mark of an unbeatable bath.“So what are you doing today?” Twilight asks as the two of you walk down the halls.“I gotta chat with Celestia. You?”“I’m going to hang out with the girls today.”“Really?”A thought comes to Twilight. “You should come with me! I would love for you to meet them!”That does sound great. You’ve been wanting to meet these mares. You nod.“Sure. Want to meet around the courtyard after I’m done? It shouldn’t take too long.”She nods. “I’ll be there!”You pat her on the head. “See you later, Twilight.”She nods. “See you later.”You look at the throne room doors before you. Your happy demeanor is gone. You push open the doors and walk inside. Celestia is the only pony in the room. This instantly makes you feel uncomfortable as you look around for any threats. The doors behind you are closed by the guards. You look up to the throne to see Celestia is waiting.“I dislike this room being empty.” You say as you approach her. “What if someone is to attack you?”“There are guards just outside the door. That’s not the point, I wanted our privacy.”That seems right. Seeing as Luna came into your dreams talking about what was about to happen.“So you’re going to try and convince me to lay with your sister?” You ask.She lets out a sigh. “It’s more complicated than you think.”“How can it be complicated? She wants to rut. What else is there to know?”Celestia uses her wing to wave you towards her.“Please, join me.”You don’t hesitate as you walk up to her throne and take a seat beside her.“Remember what we talked about yesterday? About my estrus?”You nod. “I do.”She looks away ashamed. “That is how my own estrus works. Like the sun, it burns hot and bright. Seemingly unquenchable.”“Why are you telling me this?”She looks directly into your eyes.“Because not all alicorns have the same estrus type.”You’re still confused.“...Ok...”“How to put this into words.” Celestia whispers to herself.“Tia, just tell me.”She takes a long breath in and slowly lets it out.“My sister is going into estrus. It seems the elements have messed with her biology more than I thought.”“What does this have to do with anything?”“This has everything to do with what I’m talking about.” Celestia rests a hoof onto your hand. “My sister, her estrus is different.”“How different?” You ask with a raised brow.“For a single night, she looks for another creature that she can connect with. Like the moon, it’s gentle and soothing. She doesn’t mean any harm, she’s just wants to make a connection with another creature.”“And that’s me?” You ask with a raised brow.Celestia nods. “It seems that the short time you spent together, Luna latched onto you. That was before she said those things to you. She’s truly sorry for that, but now her estrus is directed towards you.”“Do you expect me to accept this?”She shakes her head. “You are still free to deny this request.” Celestia looks up at you with hurt in her eyes. “But, estrus is hard for alicorns. I know that with pure force I can help my sister manage her estrus, but it’ll be painful.”“What do you think about all of this?” You’re interesting in what your princess thinks.“I know this is not normal for you.” She admits. “I will admit that I don't much care for the idea either, but, when estrus is involved. I feel my opinions change.”“How so?”“As I said. My sister requires a connection with another creature during her estrus. She’s in a highly emotional state during this time. No run of the mill stallion will do. It’ll just make her feel like she’s a worthless broodmare or whore as your people say.”“You think that I’d feel different?”Celestia looks deep into your eyes.“I know you would. I saw the memories you had when you two were sharing tea. How she reminded you of Twilight. How you liked her company. Are you saying that those feelings were not true?”You bite your lip. She has you there. Before the situation turned to shit. You actually were enjoying Luna’s company.“What’s changed?” She adds.“All the things she said? How she invaded my mind?”“Is that really the reason?”You gulp some at that. It was always a small part of your mind, but, perhaps it wasn’t just about that. When she did those things and you had your blade to her throat. You couldn’t help but see the filly below you in the same light as Nightmare moon. Even if you tried, you still had that part of you that still thinks Luna is that monster from before.“...I see.” You say simply.“If you do not wish for this, then you can tell me so. I just want you to consider what your heart feels. Do not blame my sister for what that monster has done. Also, know that I will not consider what you do as an act of betrayal. My sister needs someone right now and I wouldn’t trust her well-being with anyone other than you.”You close your eyes as you rub your neck some. “I’ll think about it, if only for you.” You admit.“Thank you. Go and think about it. When you come back, if you feel the same way as before, then I will accept it without question. This will be the last time we’ll speak of the matter.”You reach over and pull your princess into a hug, one that she accepts easily. “I love you.”“I love you too.”You get up from your seat and start to walk towards the throne room doors.“I got things to do.”“Before you go.” You stop and turn to face her. “I’ve moved the introduction for my sister to this afternoon. Make sure you tell Twilight. I have a few things to take care of before then.”You nod. “I’ll be there.”“Farewell.”You turn back around and walk out the throne room. Hopefully meeting Twilight’s friends will help ease your mind.“Are you ready?” Twilight trots up to you while you walk into the courtyard.“As always.”Twilight is smiling largely.“I can’t wait for you to meet the girls! I’m sure they’ll love you.”You chuckle. “Well, I’m rather interested in meeting them as well.”Twilight starts walking off towards the front of the castle.“Come on! They’re waiting for us at a restaurant.”You follow Twilight as she leads you. Her attitude is already making you feel better.You and Twilight finally arrive at the front of a rather fancy looking restaurant. You open the door for Twilight and let her walk inside, making sure your manners are especially high. This action makes Twilight blush slightly as she walks up to a pony behind a small stand.“Name?” He asks.“Twilight Sparkle and guest joining Rarity’s party.” Twilight speaks clearly.The pony nods. “Follow me.”The two of you walk towards the center of the room. Seeing as you’re taller than everything in this place. You can easily spot an odd gathering of ponies at a corner booth. Out of the five of them, only one of them looks like they’re appropriately dressed for the occasion. They seem deep in their conversation, so none of them notices as you and Twilight approach. “Your guests have arrived.” The pony speaks up to gain the ponies attention.“Thank you.” A white pony speaks in a high class tone.So these are Twilight’s new friends? You can see how all of them are looking directly at you, probably examining you as you are doing the same. To sum up your thoughts into one word.. Well, these ponies look, unique.“Woah.. Twilight, what is that?” A mare with a rainbow mane asks.Twilight smiles brightly. “Girls, this is my friend. Former captain of the guard and confidant of the princess herself.”You smirk as you face Twilight. “You’re making me sound more important than I actually am.” You turn to the others. “I’m just a simple man that lives a simple life. You all can call me Captain. I’ve been called it for so long that I’ve grown used to it.”All the ponies at the table are still staring directly at you. You don’t linger on that thought as you wave Twilight to a seat, making sure to pull it out for her. You then take your seat beside her and get a bit comfortable. “Well, you seem to know how to treat a mare.” The white pony states.You look at her with a soft smile. “Years of practice. May I ask your name?”She smiles as she offers her hoof. “Rarity, charmed.”You smile as you take her hoof and lay a soft kiss on the top of it. Her face turning up slightly with a blush. You chuckle on the inside. You had a feeling that she would appreciate that, seeing as you can practically feel how much professionalism is oozing out of her. She moves her hoof back as she giggles some. You look over at a yellow pony with long and flowing pink mane.“Who might you be?”“Fluttershy.” She whispers in a way that would seem inaudible, but being a guard tends to make your senses stronger than most.“Nice to meet you, Fluttershy.” The pony shrinks into herself more. A shy pony indeed. You look over and see a pony with a nice looking stetson hat.“Ma'am?” You direct your vision to her.“Applejack.” She speaks with a heavy southern twang.“Pleasure.” You give her a nod. Next you lay eyes on the pony with a rainbow mane. “You?”“Rainbow Dash! Fastest pony in Equestria!” She says flying out of her seat some, her voice filled with confidence and pride.“Is that so?” She looks at you dead in the eyes and nods. “Interesting.”You then turn to where you seen the other pony but notice that she’s not in her seat anymore. You feel your senses kick into high gear. You quickly turn around and catch a pony that is flying towards you.“Ooooh. You’re good.” The pink pony says.“So I’ve been told.” You set the pink pony down beside you. “Your name?”“Pinkie Pie!” She hops over you and back into her seat.You look over at Twilight with a smirk. “Interesting friends you’ve made.” She chuckles with a blush on her face. “I guess I like interesting things.” She says looking at you.“So Twilight told us that you’ve been her guard since she was a filly?” Rarity asks.You nod. “That’s true. Though recently I’ve retired.”“What’s it like being a guard?” Rainbow Dash asks.“It can get complicated rather quickly. I’ve been to many other countries and fought more than a few creatures from the Everfree.”“You seem rather young.” Applejack points out.You chuckle. “I guess I am.” You look at the gathering of mares. “What about all of you? I’m interested in what you do for a living.”“Well, I make dresses for formal occasions.” Rarity speak with pride.Applejack tips her hat up slightly. “I work over on a farm in Ponyville, Sweet apple acres. You can probably guess just by the name on what we grow.” “I manage the weather. Storms here, clear skies there.” Rainbow Dash replied in a bored tone.Pinkie jumps up and down on her seat. “I make all type of sweets at Sugarcube corner!”“I take care of animals.” Fluttershy whispers.You think over everything they’ve said. They’re definitely a unique bunch of ponies. As you sit here you feel a certain warmth in your heart. Is this pride? You haven’t met these mares for long, but you can already tell that Twilight’s made a great choice. Elements or not, these ponies are good at heart.“What do you do now that you’re retired?” Rarity asks.“I just walk around the castle. Spend time with Celestia and stuff like that.”“Yes, we heard you tried to protect the princess when Nightmare moon came back.”You nod. “I tried.”“That must’ve been scary.” Fluttershy whispers.“You tell me,” You look at them. “You six faced the same enemy. Were you scared?”“No way!” Rainbow shouts, but a look from her friends make her shrink. “Well, maybe a little.”“I will admit that I was scared, but not for the same reasons. I was afraid for Celestia and Twilight. The thought of me failing meant that they would’ve come to harm.”There’s a collection of ‘awws’, except from two ponies, Rainbow Dash and Applejack.“That’s mighty noble of you.” Applejack tips her hat towards you.“Too sappy for my taste.” Rainbow Dash makes a fake barfing sound.You chuckle. “Perhaps, but at the time it was the only thing on my mind.” You look down at Twilight as she looks at you with a blush. “I don’t know what I would’ve done if Twilight was hurt.”Her blush grows tenfold at she tries to hide her face from the others. The girls all start to chuckle a bit at Twilight’s embarrassment. You just rest your hand on her withers to try and calm her down.“In light of that fear, I knew I had something important I wanted to protect. I may not have succeeded, but you girls did. I thank you for standing by Twilight during her time of need.”“Very kind words. I must say that I’m impressed, darling. Most guards I’ve met rarely speak.” Rarity says as she adjusts her curl. “Then again, you were all Twilight talked about when she was in Ponyville.”You look at Twilight as she continues to hide herself. “Is that so?”All the girls giggle at once. “Sure is.” Applejack comes in. “I remember when she came to the farm and talked about how she wanted to hurry up and get back to the castle.”You smirk at that. “I’m up for a story if you’re willing to share.”They nod at that and Pinkie raises her hoof into the air. “Me first! Me first!”You can’t wait to hear all about this.You’ve been smiling ever since these mares started telling you stories about Twilight while she was in Ponyville. How she kept saying how somepony was waiting for her in Canterlot for her return. How she doesn’t want to waste any more time than needed so she can go back to Canterlot. Every story you heard not only made your heart swell but also Twilight’s redden in the face. “Well if I wasn’t too sure, I would’ve thought you were Twilight’s coltfriend.” Rarity says.You chuckle at that. “I just think it’s because we’ve known each other for so long. She means a lot to me.”“Mighty fine to know that Twilight was taken care of.” Applejack comes in.You let out a happy sigh. “I still can’t believe you girls took down Nightmare moon. It’s unbelievable.” That gets your mind jogging. “That reminds me. Celestia is moving the public greeting.” You look over at a clock. “Woah! We should probably start heading towards the castle.”“Why?” Twilight asks with a curious gaze. “We have less than an hour to get ready. Celestia set the greeting at lunch.”Next thing you hear is a crash coming from next to you. You look over to see Rarity has fainted. You’re about to get up to help her, but you feel a hoof stop you.“She’ll be fine.” Twilight speaks up. “I’ll teleport everyone to the castle. We’ll get ready and meet at the greeting area.”You give her a nod. Twilight starts to light her horn up but stops.“Oops! Almost forgot!” She levitates a few bits onto the table. With that finished, she teleports everyone in the blink of the eye. Twilight faces her friends.“Applejack, can you get Rarity to her room and help her wake up?”“Sure thing.” “The rest of you girls should get ready. I need to talk to the Captain for a minute.”The others nod and go about their business. Twilight looks at you with a sultry gaze.“Can we maybe get cleaned up together?” She asks.You look at her with a raised grow.“You sure you’re not in heat?”Her face gets red.“The elements might’ve caused a bit of a magical outburst when I used them.”You shake your head at her with a smile as you reach over and scratch behind her ear. “Anything for you, Twilight.”She leans into your hand as the both of you walk towards your room.“Did you really have to bite me?” You ask as you rub the side of your neck.Twilight chuckles nervously as the two of you walk down the hall towards the throne room. You have a feeling that everyone is waiting there.“Sorry. When my friends started telling their stories, I realized how much I missed you.” She looks up at you with her beautiful eyes.You pat her on the head. “I get it, but next time, try and go a little easy. Hopefully, the others don’t see this. I don’t know how I’ll explain it.”“I can hide it with magic?” Twilight offers.You shake your head. “Nah. It’s cool. Ponies are too short to see it anyways.”The two of you make it to the throne room. You walk inside and see the gathering of mares at Celestia’s throne, with the absence of Luna herself. Celestia looks up at you and Twilight.“Good to see the two of you finally decided to join us.” She says in a motherly tone.“I’m sorry, princess.” Twilight comes in. “Captain and I were catching up on lost time.”You notice Celestia look directly at the bite mark on your neck. She shows no outward sign of disapproval.“Understandable. Shall I inform you all about the greeting that’s to take place?”Twilight nods and trots closer to the princess. You follow after her and stand amongst Twilight’s group of friends.“The greeting will be short and simple. I’ll tell the ponies about how my sister has returned, then I’ll bring her onto the stage. If all goes well, then the ponies won’t react negatively to her.” Her face falls somber. “That is the best case scenario. I need you elements amongst the crowd. You’re to keep them calm if they start to panic.”“How are we going to do that?” Twilight asks.“Just being at the front of the crowd will be enough. They’ll know you’re the elements and that they are safe.”“You think this is going to be a shitstorm?” You ask.Celestia grimaces slightly at that.“I think it will be unpleasant, but I must inform the ponies of my sisters return. Better now while the iron is hot.”“Where will I be?” “By my side. You’re to protect my sister if things are to go wrong.”You shrug. That’s unlikely, but you’ll do as you’re told.“Anything else we should know?” Twilight asks.Celestia shakes her head. “That’s all. The crowd should already be gathering. Twilight, if you and your friends can start heading to the front then I would appreciate that.” Celestia directs her gaze at you. “Follow me.”You look down at Twilight and give her a smile.“See you later.”She gives a reluctant nod and joins her friends as they walk out of the throne room. You face Celestia as she leans her head for you to follow.“So you and Twilight have been spending private time together?” Celestia asks.“Yeah. She told me the elements caused a magical outburst. She thinks she’s in heat.”“You doubt her?” Celestia looks at you from the corner of her eye.“I’ve seen her in heat, Tia... I just think she’s happy to see me again but doesn’t want to make me feel uncomfortable about getting physical.”“Are you uncomfortable?”You shake your head. “I love her. If anything, I find it honoring that she finds that much comfort with my presence.”“Do you not worry that she’s becoming attached?”You look at Celestia with a raised brow, “This is Twilight we’re talking about. Of course she’s attached. That’s just in her nature.”Celestia stops mid-stride and turns to face you properly.“Are you not afraid that she’ll never find a stallion of her own?”You have thought about that. You would like it if Twilight maybe found a pony she really liked and maybe had kids one day. You let out a long sigh as you look at the floor in, though.“She’s worried over the Nightmare moon thing. She had to see me at my weakest and she’s probably scared out of her mind. Who knows what thoughts she’s having. All those years I protected her, I never showed any weakness in front of her. Then all these years later, she finds me half dead in your throne room.”You look up and see tears forming in your princess’ eyes. It takes a second, but you finally realize what you’re saying. Twilight isn’t the only one with those same exact thoughts. You quickly close the gap and take Celestia into an embrace as she leans her head into your neck. It seems for these past few days, she’s been holding it all back. Even when you two talked about it, she still tried to bury it deep inside of her.“I was so afraid.” She admits. “I thought you were dead when I saw her hit you. How you looked at me with a blank expression.” You can feel your shoulder becoming wet. “I’m sorry.. I’m so sorry for putting you in danger.”You hate it when she cries. It tears into you deeply. You never want to see her sad.“I’m alive.” You pull away so you can face her. “I’m alive and so are you. So is Twilight and so is your sister.”She closes her eyes and gently lays her lips onto yours. You give her what she’s asking for as you press back into her. You can feel so many emotions being relayed through this kiss. All her fears, worries and happiness. The two of you break away.“I know.” She says. “I know exactly how Twilight feels. Still...” She looks away in shame. “We haven’t spent a single night together since you’ve recovered.”She’s right. You got dragged to the infirmary by Tender Love, twice. That’s not going to happen again. You look her deep in the eyes.“How about this. After this greeting thing, you and me will do something together. You can have me for the whole day and night.”A small smile grows on her lips.“I’d like that.”You give her a quick peck on the lips. As you use your hand to wipe away her tears.“I love you.”“I love you too.” She replies with just as much love as you.Celestia takes a few minutes to recompose herself.“Alright. Let’s get Luna and head to the front of the castle.”You wave for her to lead.“After you.”Getting to Luna’s room didn’t take long. The nightguards don’t hesitate to open the door for Celestia as the both of you walk inside of Luna’s room. You can see that Luna is sitting on her bed looking out her balcony window.“It’s time, sister.” Celestia says as the both of you stop in the center of the room.Luna turns around and immediately makes eye contact with you. For some reason, deep down, you can almost hear her thoughts. A strong sense of longing and hope. You quickly squash the feeling as a trick of the mind. She looks over to her sister.“I am ready.” She hops off the bed and walks past Celestia.The three of you don’t say anything as you walk out of her room and towards the front of the castle. You’re perfectly fine with that, seeing as you’re still thinking over the entire mess she’s putting you in. You just let your mind wander as you think over everything. Celestia seems perfectly fine with this. You know that she’s from another time and due to her long life, she’s a lot more open minded. You don’t doubt her feelings on this matter.Luna obviously seems alright with the idea. As odd as that is. You’re unsure if it’s due to her estrus or perhaps she actually does kinda like you. You can’t see yourself actually loving her like you love Celestia or Twilight. Still. She’s your special somepony’s sister and she’s not a bad pony. But she did say awful things about Celestia. That still makes you upset. Then again... She wasn’t wrong. Celestia even told you herself that when her estrus comes around she’ll be fucking other stallions. She doesn’t love them, but you are kinda hurt that you can’t be everything she needs. That’s a silly thought. She has many guards because not a single one can protect this place. She also isn’t going to fuck stallions when she’s not in estrus. At least you know you’re satisfying her when she’s not a sex crazy monster. Plus she’s alright with your relationship with Twilight. Celestia really is too good for you when you really think about it. No. You’ve earned her love. You’ve earned Twilight’s love. You’ve been living in Equestria for a long time and it still surprises you. You know for a fact that any girl on earth would’ve flipped her shit if you told her you wanted to keep screwing a friend you loved. Even the thought of that girl asking you to fuck her sister is probably every man's fantasy. Looks like when you’re put into the reality of the situation, things aren’t as easy as they seem. You let out a sigh. Too many things to think about. You look up and see that you’re already at the front gate. No time to think, you need to focus. You know that Luna is safe, but you didn’t get this far by being lax.Celestia, Luna and yourself walk up onto a stage. Celestia walks up to a podium as you and Luna stand a little to the side of the stage.“Mares and gentlecolts.” Celestia’s voice echoes out, silencing the crowd. “Today I am here to announce the return of my sister.” Murmurs quickly spread amongst the crowd. “I know this may come as a bit of a shock to you all, but I hope that you’ll welcome her back with open hooves.” Celestia looks over to Luna. “Please come over and say hello.”Luna nervously walks over to her sister. She’s still too small to stand at the podium, so Celestia uses her magic to make it smaller. Luna gives her sister a nod as she looks out over the crowd.“Hello, everypony. My name is Luna.” She speaks with a clear and authoritative tone, even though her voice still sounds like a filly. You immediately take notice of the crowd. The whispers are now collectively growing.“When did Celestia have a sister?”“Was she always around?”“Why did she return after Nightmare moon escaped?”“Wait, isn’t the mare in the moon story about a princess banishing her own sister?”“Yeah, it is. Does that mean she’s Nightmare moon?”“She’s Nightmare moon? The horrible mare that tried to plunge Equestria into eternal darkness?”“Who would’ve thought Celestia’s sister was a monster.”This is getting out of hand fast. You glance over to see Luna looking at her hooves with pure anger in her eyes and tears running down her cheeks. You feel a certain protective spark inside of you. A flashback of Twilight comes to mind when those kids were bullying her. You quickly take action as you walk up to the podium and push Luna back so she’s behind you. You keep your eyes on the crowd as you shout as loud as you can.“Enough!” Your voice silences the crowd. “How dare you lot disrespect this filly! Does she look like Nightmare moon to you?!” You can see the entire crowd look at their hooves in shame. “Luna has done nothing wrong. So don’t go around saying such things. Nightmare moon was indeed a monster, but Luna is not. I will not hear another word of it.”You can see the elements looking at you in awe while the rest of the crowd is still looking down in shame. You take a long deep breath in and slowly let it out as you turn around and look down at Luna. You can see her face holding a surprised look as she continues to face you. You look over and see Celestia is giving you a gentle smile. Shit... Why does she always have to be right?You look down at Luna again. “Come on.”Luna is by your side as you walk over to Celestia.“You’re up.” You wave to the podium. Celestia just keeps smiling as she walks over to the podium, magicking it back to her size.“You will be seeing more of my sister. Her current form is not the one that I knew her by. In time, as her magic comes back, she will return to the mare I once knew. Nightmare moon is nothing more than history. My sister is all that remains. Please treat her with respect.”Her words are so kind and loving that you can practically feel the other ponies hearts breaking at their own reactions. Celestia walks away from the podium as the crowd starts to disperse. She walks up to you and doesn’t hesitate as she pulls you into a kiss. “Thank you.” She whispers.“Don’t mention it.”Celestia looks down at her sister.“What do you have planned for the day?”Luna hadn’t taken her eyes off you since you came to her defense. She finally looks over at her sister.“I was going to talk to my captain about possibly getting more recruits.”Celestia nods. “Very well.” She then looks at you. “You promised me a day alone with you.”You nod at her. “That I did.” You look over to see the elements walking over.“Dude, that was awesome!” Rainbow Dash yells. “Crazy how your voice just silenced the entire crowd.”You nod. “Just a guard thing. I saw things were getting a little out of hand, so I stepped in.”Twilight walks up to you. “It was really nice of you to defend Luna like that.”You shrug. “Yeah, well, I’m a nice guy.”You can see her blushing as she looks up at you.“Um, are you busy right now?”You nod as you pat her on the head.“Yeah. I promised Celestia I would spend the day with her.”Twilight leans into your hand but looks sad.“Alright. Will you be stopping by my parents tomorrow?”You smile at her.“Definitely.”That’s all she needed to hear as she faces her friends.“How about I show you girls around Canterlot?”“That sounds simply divine.” You hear Rarity say as they walk away.Once they’re gone, it’s just you, Celestia and Luna. You look down at Luna as she looks up at you. At that moment when she was being judged by all those ponies, you didn’t feel that hate you once had inside. You know how it felt to be considered a monster when you came here. Hell, you still get looks when you go to places that aren’t Canterlot. Not to mention it brought back some flashbacks about Twilight and how ponies would sometimes pick on her. You can’t hate her because she’s a lot like you and a lot like Twilight. That’s enough to make you change your mind on a few things.You let out a sigh accepting your decision.“Luna.” You catch her attention. “Are you still interested?”She looks surprised. “Are you speaking about what I’ve asked?”You look at Celestia as she gives you a knowing smile. You can practically feel her taunting in her head at how right she was.“Yeah. How does tomorrow night sound to you?”“I appreciate this. Yes, tomorrow night should be when my estrus is at its apex.” Is all she says.You walk past both sisters, only briefly stopping so you can face Celestia.“You coming?”She doesn’t respond as she trots happily to your side. “Thank you.” She whispers as she leans against you.“The things I do for love.” You say with a sigh.A few hours later and you fall onto the bed with a tired sigh. Celestia is next to you as she cuddles close. You look down at her with a smile.“Today was a good day.”She nods in agreement.“It’s felt like forever since we’ve done this.”You agree with her on that thought.“Yeah... Everything seems so surreal.” You turn to face her. “Are you really ok with this Luna stuff?”She nods. “It wouldn’t be the first time we’ve shared a mate. Perhaps they didn’t mean as much to me as you, but I know my sister needs something like this in her life right now.”“Still, seems weird. Guess it’s just a human thing. I don’t really have much aversion to it if you’re alright with it.”“That’s good to hear. I want my sister to be happy.”You let out a yawn and Celestia does the same. You smile as you see her face scrunch up some. You lean in and lay a soft kiss on her lips. She returns the kiss and the two of your break apart. “Let’s get some rest. I know we both need it.” Celestia nods and cuddles close.“I agree, but in the morning, I intend to ride you until your hips give out.” She adds with a giggle.“I can’t wait.” You say as you pull her close and close your eyes.You wipe some of the sweat from your brow as you limp towards Twilight’s parents house. Celestia wasn’t kidding when she said she was going to ride you in the morning. She even rose the sun an hour early so the morning would arrive. You’re positive you’ll be fine for your meeting with Luna tonight, but still, you’re a bit tired. Celestia was in no better shape either. You bet her day court will be canceled after what you two did.You would’ve liked to rest with her the entire day, but you did tell Twilight you would head on over to her parents. You always keep your promises. Thankfully the walk isn’t that long, before you know it you’re in front of her house and knocking on the front door. Once again it’s Twilight Velvet answering the door. This time, however, she’s looking at you with a frown.“You said you’d be back yesterday.”You nod. “I know, Mom... I got sidetracked.”She rolls her eyes. “I know what sidetracked means. I may be a mother, but I was young once too.”“And I’m sure you were just as beautiful as you are now.”That’s exactly what she wanted to hear. You can see the small blush on her face, even as she tries to keep her frown on.“Well. I guess you’re here now. Please come in.” She walks into the house and you follow after her as soon as you close the door.She leads you to the kitchen and you see that everyone is here except Shining and Cadance. You look over to their empty spots.“Where’s Shiny?” You ask catching everyone's attention.Twilight looks up from her breakfast.“My brother and Cadance left early to do some things.”You nod. “That’s good.” You walk over and take a seat next to Twilight. “How’s everyone's morning?”“Fine.” Nightlight says. “The sun rose a bit early today. Any reason why?”You chuckle. “Celestia wanted to start her day early. Very busy.”He nods. “I bet. Yesterday's announcement must’ve taken a lot out of her.”“Yeah. Things almost got crazy.” You add.Velvet comes in. “I was surprised by how powerful your voice was. I could feel my hooves shaking!”You chuckle. “Yeah. It’s a guard thing. An authoritative shout. It’s something the guards us to use to grab everyone’s attention in a time of emergency.”“How’s Luna doing?” Twilight asks.“She’s holding up well.” You say genuinely.“She seemed kinda out of is after you came in to defend her. I guess it’s been awhile since anyone’s stood up for her.”“That’s probably true.”Velvet sets a plate in front of you and you get to eating.“So what do you have planned for today?” Twilight asks.You smile at her. “Nothing much. Later tonight I have some stuff I need to deal with, but for the rest of the day I’m free to do whatever.”A sad look crosses Twilight’s face briefly. “I have a few hours before my train to Ponyville.” A blush crosses her cheeks as she looks at you. “Do you want to spend some time at the park with me?”This is news to you, but you knew she had to leave eventually. At least she wants to spend whatever time she has left with you. So you’ll make sure not to act depressed, for her sake.“Sure.” You give her your best winning smile. “Let’s finish breakfast and we can head out right now if you want.”Nothing else is said as everyone eats their meals. It’s nice. Just enjoying a meal with everyone and taking it easy. Twilight is leaning against you as the two of you sit on a park bench. The walk here was uneventful, with Twilight only talking about how much she missed Canterlot. Also how she showed her friends around and things of that nature. As soon as you got to the park, the both of you took a seat and enjoyed the view. The park is rather stunning. A small lake, birds and various animals aplenty, even a group of fillies and colts playing on a field. “It’s almost time for me to get ready for the train back to Ponyville.” Twilight says sadly. “I’ll miss being here.”You continue to pet her as she leans against you.“You can always visit.” You try to cheer her up.She nuzzles into you harder. “I’ll miss you the most.”“And I’ll miss you just as much.”Twilight looks up to you with wavering eyes.“C-Can you live with me in Ponyville? We can share a room in the library. You won’t have to be so lonely and I would always spend time with you.”You feel your smile slowly fade. It hurts to hear Twilight say these things because she already knows the answer. “I can’t.”The waver in her eye intensifies.“B-But I love you.”You bring a hand up to her face and clear away the tear that started to roll over her cheek.“And I love you as well, Twilight.”She looks down at her hooves. “...You’re just not in love with me.”You pull Twilight to your chest.“Twilight. I will always be there for you. No matter what you do in your life, I will always be there. I’ve been there with you since you were a filly and I’ve done everything I can to make you happy.” You let Twilight go so she can look up at you. “I know that one day you’ll find a stallion who will love you just as much as I do, even more so. He will be able to give you what I cannot. I know you don’t believe me right now, but I know it’ll happen one day. You just need to keep an eye open for your special somepony.”“W-What if I don’t want anypony else?” She asks.You chuckle sadly. “If you become an old mare and you still have these feelings, then I guess I’ll accept them.” You clear a few more tears from her face. “But don’t stop yourself from looking around. Like I said, I’ll always be here for you. Don’t deny yourself new experiences because you think that what you feel right now is absolute. If all you learned from magic is just levitation, then you wouldn’t be the amazing mare that you are now. You wouldn’t have gotten into Celestia’s school and we would’ve never met.”She buries her face into your chest.“Promise me you will at least try to keep an eye out.” You ask.“...I promise.”You lay a soft kiss on the top of her forehead. “Thank you.” You look up at the position of the sun. “It looks like it’s time for you to get packed.”You feel Twilight’s grip on you increase.“Can we stay like this, for a little while longer?”“Anything for you.”“Come on, Twilight! The train is about to leave!” Rainbow Dash yells.You look down at Twilight as she stands in front of you nervously.“I’ll try and visit whenever I can.” Twilight says.You nod. “I’ll have to come to Ponyville sometime as well.”Twilight is shifting nervously as she looks up at you with a massive blush on her face. You chuckle a bit and take a knee and pull her into a hug.“You’re going to do great things.” You whisper to her.You pull away from her while still kneeling. You can see her tremble in place some, but before you can say anything you feel her press her muzzle against your lips. She doesn’t hesitate as she decides to make a very public and intimate gesture. You can hear her friends silence some as Twilight kisses you. You just smirk on the inside as you decide to return the kiss. The two of you break away from the other and Twilight looks at you with a less nervous smile.“See you later.” She says.You smirk. “See you later.”You watch as she turns away and walks onto the train. You can already hear the conversation of her friends asking her about what she did and what it meant. You just chuckle as you start walking off towards the castle. Twilight and her friends are gone and you have a few hours until your meeting with Luna. Still, if you’re going to do this thing with her, you want to do it right.“What do you want?” Blossom asks as she stands beside Luna’s room.“I’m here to ask you out on a date.” You say seriously.Blossom instantly starts sputtering gibberish, but you roll your eyes.“I’m obviously here for Luna. Why else would I be here?”Blossom regains control as she looks at you with a frown.“That wasn’t funny.” She says.“To you, maybe. So is Luna here?”Blossom nods. “She is. What’s it to you?”“That would be business that’s between Luna and me.”“Like I would let you i-”“Captain!” A shout comes from within Luna’s room. “Allow him passage.”Blossom looks to Luna’s door in surprise. She then looks back at you with a sneer.“Very well.”The door opens and you walk inside. Just as before you see that Luna is sitting on her bed as she faces the doorway.“You’re early.” She states.“Considering what we’re going to do, I thought you wouldn’t mind if we spent some time together.”Her brow raises. “What do you have in mind?”You shrug. “I was thinking something traditional. Take you out to dinner, get to know one another, then when the time’s right we can get down to business.”You notice her cheeks redden some. “I will admit that I was not expecting anything more than rutting.” She twiddles her hooves nervously. “I’ve never been on a date before.”“Not even once?”She shakes her head. “Nay. My sister and I only had concubines to satisfy our physical needs. Royals were too afraid of us to attempt courtship.”“So this will be your first date?”A nod. “...Yes”You nod at that. It actually makes sense. You still remember the small glint in Celestia’s eye when you asked her out on a date. She was very happy and enjoyed your time together immensely. So you hope that spending some time with Luna will help quell some of the smaller hesitations you still have. It just feels wrong to have sex, you want there to be a connection of some kind.“Where do you propose we go?” Luna asks, bringing you from thought.“I’ve already made reservations. We have an hour to get ready before we need to set off.”She nods. “Very well. I will await your arrival at the front gate.”You walk out of the castle dressed in the very same suit you wore during Twilight’s prom. She enchanted it all those years ago so that it would never age and you can’t think of a better time to wear it than on this date with Luna. You felt this was far more casual when compared to your military uniform. You walk all the way to the front gate and find little Luna standing there in wait. You’re surprised that she’s actually dressed for the occasion. You feel a small swell inside, your mind constantly thinking of Twilight. Luna’s dress is rather archaic, but when compared to the general style of Canterlot, it’s actually not as ancient as it seems. She’s wearing a deep blue dress that has star sewn into it. It reminds you of the mare you seen in your dream, both in color and in the pattern of the stars.Luna notices your approach and turns to face you. You catch a small blush on her face as she gives you a lookover.“You certainly are handsome.” She compliments.“I have to admit you don’t look half bad yourself, Princess.”“Please, call me Luna.”You nod. “Very well. Luna, if you would follow me.”She stands by your side, just like Twilight use to. You can feel that hesitation inside start to melt away. You lead her to the chariot that is waiting just outside of the castle gates. You make sure to act like a true gentleman and open the door for her to enter, even offering a hand to help her inside. She once again blushes a bit as she lays a hoof into your hand. You guide her inside and let her take her seat. You cast a glance over to the driver.“Prancing springs.” You speak clearly.He nods. “Got it.”You get inside and take a seat next to Luna and close the door. The pony driver doesn’t hesitate as he starts to pull the chariot along. The restaurant you plan to take Luna isn’t very far from the castle, but taking a chariot is always faster.“It’s been awhile since I’ve been out on the town.” Luna speaks to herself as she looks out the window.“I hope that I can make this night memorable for you.”She continues to look out the window, but you can see that blush creeping along her cheeks.“I hope for the same.”You finally make it to your destination. Once again you help Luna out and pay the driver. You escort Luna into the restaurant and quickly get to your table. You didn’t need a reservation, seeing as everyone knew who you were, you kinda got free run of most of these stores. You don’t usually like to extort your relationship with Celestia for gain, but for this night, you’re sure she’ll forgive you.You are seated at the best seat in the house. Luna is a bit too small for her seat, but she handles it well enough. You can’t help the small chuckle as you watch her rest her hooves onto the table, her head barely clearing the top of it. “Would you care to explain why you laugh at me?” She says with a pout.“I just find you adorable is all.” You get another blush out of that. “Let me help.”You take off your jacket and fold it into a square, then lift the filly and place it onto her chair. Once you sit her down, you notice that she’s now at a proper height. She’s still pouting, but you don’t really care, it just makes you smile more.“I will admit that this is far better than before.” She says with reluctance in her tone.“So, what would you like to talk about?” You ask.“How about you tell me about yourself?”Well, that’s something. True, the last conversation you had was mostly about her. You might as well, it’s not like you’ve got something to lose.“Alright. I guess I can tell you a bit about myself. What would you like to know?”“Tell me how you came to meet my sister.”“Alright, that’s an easy one. Not really much to say on that. I somehow ended up in the royal garden and Celestia happened to be taking a midnight stroll at the time. It was pretty hectic when we ran into one another, seeing as we both had no idea what we were looking at, but once we calmed down, we ended up talking. Nothing too interesting, I’m sad to say.”She nods. “I expect as much. What about your rise to captain?”You smile. “Now that one is rather long and crazy. Are you sure you want to hear the tale of how I became a captain?”Luna nods with enthusiasm, another thing that reminds you of Twilight.“Alright, I’ll tell you, but don’t say I didn’t warn you.”Luna was entranced the entire time you told your story. How you fought to the top of the recruits to make a name for yourself. How you turned the tide of a few battles with your tactics, earning a place quickly as the captain of the guard. Though most don’t remember it now, you were considered more as a general than a captain. Finally the stories were over, the two of you didn’t even blink when the food came awhile ago. You both simply ate as you continued to tell your story. It’s been awhile since you’ve had someone to talk to like this. Twilight was the only other pony who had time to spend with you and while you did censor some of your stories because she was a filly, Luna was just in a filly body, so you didn’t censor yourself as much. You can tell that she appreciates the tales, seeing as she’s from another time, you can only guess that she’s used to hearing stories about battles and such.You left awhile ago to return to the castle. The two of you were taking it slow as you made it to her room. Once again you see Blossom standing there at the front of the door in wait for Luna. Luna looks over to her guards.“You two are dismissed for the night.”Blossom looks at her then up at you.“Princess, who’ll be here to guard you?” She asks out of concern.“I will not be alone, so you can have the night off. You are excused.” Luna says, leaving no room for question.Blossom once again looks up at you and you simply waggle your eyebrows at her. Her face turns instantly red as she sneers at you. However, that doesn’t stop her from following orders. She and her crew walk down the long stairs to do whatever it is that they do. Probably drink, seeing as that’s Blossom’s MO. “Please, join me.” Luna calls to you.You turn about and face Luna again as she leads you into her room. You walk in and she closes the door behind you. You can see that she’s rather nervous as she idly scuffs the floor with her hoof.“How are we going to do this?”“Just like everything else, slowly.” You state. You walk up to her and pick her up. She gives a small yelp, but overall stays still. You bring her over to the bed and sit her on top of it. She’s looking at you with those big eyes of hers. You rest a hand on the side of her cheek and slowly run it up her jawline. She leans into your touch as you slowly go higher. You reach her small crown and take hold of it, lifting it from her head. You gently set it onto a nightstand beside the bed. You then use both hands to help take her dress off as well. Once everything is off you can tell that she looks far more comfortable. “How long has it been?” You ask.If you haven’t seen her before that question, you would’ve thought that blush on her muzzle was permanent. “Too long.” She says breathlessly.You trace a hand down the side of her neck and over her withers, then back up to one of her ears. The small shiver she gives off tells you that she’s definitely gone too long without having another creature touch her.“Is your current body capable?” You ask a little worried.She nods. “As capable as any other mare. Do not feel the need to go easy.”You smirk. “It wouldn’t be fun if we didn’t do a little foreplay first.”She quirks a brow at you. “What is foreplay?”You then suddenly remember. The first time you and Celestia shared a bed together. How you made her scream all night, how she was amazed and confused by some of the things you did to her. You completely forgot that these ponies don’t do foreplay. They just rut and get done. Especially so with the two sisters. “You’re in for a long night, princess.” You say with a chuckle.Her confusion is still apparent, but the way you speak your words seems to put her at ease. “I trust you.” She says.That throws you off.“You do?”She nods. “M-My estrus makes my magic potent. I can practically feel your intentions without even casting a spell.”Huh.. That’s kinda neat. You shake that thought away. You might as well get ready. You don’t even say anything as Luna lays on her back and spreads her legs. You can already see that her little blue filly cunt is glistening wet. “Like this?” Luna asks.You swallow hard. Did she read you mind?“I did not.” She speaks. You look up and see that her horn has no magic casting. As you look into her eyes, you feel something spark inside of you. As if you just connected to her soul. For some reason, this doesn’t cause you alarm. You can feel that she’s holding no malice in her heart. In fact, you can almost hear her thoughts. This is her estrus, this is what it does. She connects to her partner on a spiritual level. It makes so much sense now. She couldn’t connect to anyone because any run of the mill stallion would only think ill of her. Think she was nothing more than a toy to be used. You can feel her hesitance, her fears and even her hopes. At the same time, she could feel your thoughts as well. Everything fades away as a single thing happens, an understanding, an understanding in each others feelings. There is no more hesitation. You cannot put this off for any longer, her body is calling for you. You lean over her until you are face to face. The two of your meet for the first kiss of the night. So much longing so much is going on through her mind. She needs more. You run your hand up from her chest and to the side of her face. You two break from the kiss as you both get lost in the others eyes. You move the hand on her cheek back down her chest as you start to go lower. You can hear her start to pant slightly as you get closer to her nether region. Finally, you get to her fillyhood. You gently run your middle finger along her slit. A small gasp escapes her as you dip slightly inside of her. You can already feel the wink of her clit as her body practically begs for attention. You lean in again and give her a kiss as you push your finger inside of her slightly. The moan that fills your mouth guides you to continue. You pull away from the kiss and trail down her body. Each kiss you lay on her, you punctuate by pushing your finger inside of her. Before long you’re between her thighs as you plant a kiss on her clit just as it winked out. She lets out a much louder moan at that, but you aren’t done yet. You replace your finger with your tongue as you gentle prod her. Her panting is doubled as you can still feel her body screaming out for more. It urges you to go faster, but you want her to remember this moment. You remove yourself from her and start to undress. She’s still on her back panting a storm, her tongue hanging out of the side of her mouth as well. You chuckle a little as you feel her frustration from your stopping. The fact she can feel your amusement seems to tick her off even more. Yet that doesn’t stop you until you are fully undressed. You turn back around and see that she’s pouting slightly, but her eyes slowly travel down to your member.She gulps some as you feel that lust of hers come back in force. The urge, that want. It’s practically filling you with the same need to give her want she wants. Your will is strong, so you take your time as you get back onto the bed. You have a thought and she’s already acting. You lay on your back as she lays on top of you, her ass in your face. It’s rather nice to be connected like this, seeing as you don’t need to explain anything.The two of you don’t hesitate as you go to town. Luna seems to already have a good grasp on what foreplay entails due to the connection. She takes half of your dick inside of her mouth but has to stop because of her current size. She gags a little but starts to bob her head. You don’t make her wait as you dive right in.The cute little squeaks and moans she gives just drives you with the passion to give her more. She responds in kind by taking more of your cock into her throat. You can feel her getting close to the edge and so are you. The both of your double the pacing to make the other come first, as a competitive spark is created.However, as you suck on her clit, that’s enough to push her over the edge. You can feel her displeasure from losing, but the pleasure of her climax. She slams her head all the way down to the base of your dick. That’s enough to get you to blow your load down her little spasming throat. Luna lifts her head up some to remove your dick from her mouth with an audible pop. The both of your are panting heavily. Still, that urge, that want and need is still there. The both of your want more. An agreement is made in sync. You’re already getting hard again and she turns around and sits her rump just above your cock, the tip of it touching her tail hole. She giggles a bit at the sensation.“I’m happy to be sharing this with you.” She finally speaks.“So am I.” You reply honestly.Luna now starts to rock back and forth. Your cock poking her tail hole slightly. You can feel her mischievous nature as she teases you. Finally, she moves further back and you slide past her tail hole and between her thighs. Her pussy is already wet as she coats your cock in her juices. She wants it just as bad as you, but she’s also having too much fun teasing you. You can play that game as well. You reach behind her and grab one of her little wings. You quickly find the base and give it a squeeze. She instantly buckles under the sudden stimulation. This only seems to cause her to leak more as your entire cock is now covered in her sticky mare goo. “Wanna keep playing?” You ask.“Very well, playtime is over.” She moves forward slightly so the tip of your dick is pressed against her marehood. She then quickly thrusts back and takes you halfway into her. She lets out a slight scream of pleasure. She’s panting like crazy now as she looks down at you with lidded eyes. The satisfaction, the feeling of having a mutual bond with another creature. The feelings alone are making your head swim.She slowly puts more weight as she lowers herself inch by inch. It feels like it takes forever for her to bottom out. She lets out a small sigh as you feel her adjust to your size. She leans forward and you’re already there to meet her for the kiss. An exchange of passion that is shared by you both. You two breakaway with genuine smiles.Again, nothing needs to be said as the two of you are ready for more. Luna starts to lift herself, just before she slams her ass down again. Each time she does this causes both pleasure and pain. Her tiny filly body is taking you in freely, but squeezing your dick when it tries to leave. You can feel how much Luna has missed this, how she wants more. She quickly picks up the pace and eventually is slamming herself on you in rapid succession. The two of you can barely even catch your breaths, but neither of you care. All you want is to make her feel good and she wants the same thing. You can already feel the both of you close to the end. You quickly wrap your arms around her and flip her over. Your turn.You start drilling her with all your power as she laughs out in pure joy. Each thrust is making her reel in ecstasy. You don’t even need to ask what to do next as you push into her as much as you can and dump your load into her. She lets out a loud moan as her own climax is reached. Her mare cum rushes past your dick and onto the bed. You fall onto your side as Luna and you are face to face. The connection is already fading as the two of your become sleepy.“Thank you.” Luna speaks.“No problem.”She looks hesitant, almost afraid. “Will you be here when I wake up?”You chuckle as you reach over and pull her to your chest.“I’m not going anywhere.”Things have gotten pretty interesting around the castle lately. It’s been a few months since your little thing with Luna. Since then things have changed a bit. “Why must you always keep him from me!” Luna shouts in anger.“I already called dibs on him for today!” Celestia yells back.“Where is the proof of this?!”“Ladies!” You decide to take control of the situation. You look at Luna. “Luna, your sister is right. Today is her day.”Celestia sticks her tongue at Luna, but you quickly look her way.“Why didn’t you tell Luna about this? We always tell the other about any possible dates or outings.”She lets out a huff. “You are mine, first and foremost. I don’t need a reason to have you for myself, nor do I need to tell my sister.”You shake your head. “Celestia, we all talked about this. You agreed. This is to make everyone happy. Stop acting like a child.”Celestia lets out a snort. “I’m no child.”“Then stop acting like one.” You look back at Luna. “Today is her day, regardless. How about we go out this weekend?”That lifts Luna’s spirits. “I can accept that.”You’re glad you solved that problem.“So how’s your magic doing?”“I’m growing by the day. I calculate that I’ll return to my original form by the end of the month.”“Good to hear.” You look over at a clock on the wall. “Sorry, ladies. I need to head on over and talk to Shining. See you two later?”“See you later.” They both call out.Before you walk out of the throne room you say one last thing.“Play nice.”All that gets you is a snort as you close the door. You just chuckle to yourself. Yeah, this entire thing is weird, but this is Equestria, everything is weird to you. All you need to know is that you’re making those two happy, that’s all that really matters.“I wonder when Shining and Cadance are getting married?” You start to laugh at that thought. Just another thing you can use to tease him.	You walk through the halls of your home in the crisp light of the mid-day sun.You ran a finger across a table as you passed by, carefully noting its dust content as you bring the finger up for inspection. Your maid hasn't slipped up yet, it seems she's been careful not to give you a reason to retaliate. And who could blame her, with the slip of the economy, it could be difficult to keep a job nowadays.Not everyone could stay in the upper class. A shame too, because you've heard she used to be at the top. Princess Mi Amore Cadenza, or close to it, if you could recall correctly. You pondered briefly how someone of such stature could come to lose it so quickly, then you realized you didnt care much. You had never fucked a former Princess before. Maybe it was time to see why they were so special.Now if only she would respond to your constant stream of advances.Speak of the devil, as soon as you start to imagine all the delicacies and inner workings of such a body she comes walking down the hallway toward you. She quickly breaks eye-contact however, fearing any more advances you may have.  You had plenty of them too. You wondered if she had figured out that most of the things that ended up on the floor were there just to see her bend over."Good Afternoon, Cadence. I trust you've been keeping to schedule." "Yes, sir," she says without looking at you. Instead of stopping to talk to you, she simply slows down for a moment, then continues on her path, quickly wanting to get the interaction out of the way.You almost stop her to straighten her out, but decide to let it slide this time. You simply continue on your path as she does hers, gently brushing past you for a moment. Then something hits you. Her perfume enters your nose and you stop to take a long whiff to marvel at its elegance. Her aroma was just as beautiful as she was, the very hint of it drove you wild, and this time you got more than a nose full.You quickly stop on your right foot and make a u-turn towards her.  Forget subtlety, you needed to sample this former princess now. You quicken your pace to catch up with her. Once you're close enough behind her, you place a hand on her shoulder and spin her to face you. God, even brushing across her velvety skin at that slightest touch made you shake with anticipation."Forgive the interruption, but there's a bedroom in this hallway that I just remembered needs a bit of attention," you say professionally, despite the growing lust in your eyes and the subtle expansion of another part of your body.She looks up to you with a confused expression"I can assure you, I've gone through all of these rooms yesterday, none of them ne-""I don't recall asking your permission, Miss Cadence. Follow me." You turn and begin towards the closest bedroom you knew was around here.You can hear Cadence's heels click with a quicker frequency as she hurries up to your side."Now what exactly needs attention in this bedroom, sir? Because I went thr-" she asks with a bit of annoyance before you cut her off."You'll know it when you see it," you say with a small sly grin. She’s been getting wise to your advances. Shes been mostly careful around you lately. Soon it will be all for naught, though."I swear, if this is another attempt to get me to-" she says as she starts to get a little flustered with you."Now, now, Cadence. This is nothing but professional." You reach the room you were looking for and open the doorway. With a slight gentlemanly bow, you usher Cadence in.She gives you an uneasy look as she walks past you into the room. With the angle you were positioned at, not only did you get a fine view, but another whiff of her marvelous perfume as well.Once she's inside you close the door behind you and lock it behind your back as quietly as you can, hoping she didn't notice. You look back into the room to see her eyes scanning the room for any inconsistencies. Looks like she didn't realize she was trapped. Good.She turns to you with an irritated look, not seeing anything that needed her."So what exactly did you need me to 'give attention to' in here?" She crosses her arms, visibly losing patience."Why, the bed of course. Come here, I wish to show you." You wave her over. She rolls her eyes but complies anyway.She gets in front of you and looks down at the bed. She doesn't seem to find anything wrong with it, so she leans down to put a hand on the sheets. This action lifts up her skirt just enough to let you see under it, revealing her pink panties with a blue crystal heart on them.  That was it, you couldn't hold yourself down any longer."I dont th-"You run a hand down her ass and move your fingers to be right the small groove between her legs. You push in as soon as you feel her skin give way, creating a deeper divot in her panties as you slowly ease your fingers deeper.Cadence goes stiff and stands straight as a board with a sharp gasp. For a moment she's frozen in place. You've never touched her like this before today. When she straightens up, you bury your face into her neck and give it a kiss and smell her hair as well. The aroma only made you want her more.Before you could continue though, she jerked out of your grasp and tried to back away from you, but since there was a bed there, she only succeeded in falling backwards onto it. She tried to play it off, but she was visibly shaking from the sudden contact, not to mention her blush was a couple shades darker than her hair now. She gulped and tried to speak in an uneasy voice."S-sir, I'd like to remind you that I'm married," she says with an occasional glance up at you, before quickly darting her eyes away again.She quickly grasped the sheets tightly and closed her eyes, in a desperate attempt to cool herself down. You weren't going to give her the chance though.You moved over to her position on the bed and put your hand on her waist and shoulder, slowly trying to ease her back into the bed. She gave a bit of resistance to this, however."Now, Cadence. You shouldn't concern yourself with such trivial things as loyalty..." That didn't seem to make her ease up though, "...Besides, I'm sure your husband is very busy. Too busy to properly... relieve you of your natural needs."She eased up a bit more at that. Before you could lay her down though, she reaches a hand up to grab your wrist holding her shoulder. You stop for a moment to look at her.Her face begged you not to continue. The unsure, pleading expression told you that if you continued, she wouldn't be able to resist any longer. You were right, she must be feeling a bit depraved.You were determined though. You continued your path down towards the bed, laying her down on it completely. You planted kisses around her neck and collar bones, while beginning to undo the strings on her outfit. You could almost feel the shame beginning to mix with her apprehension as you pulled her outfit off of her, leaving her just with her underwear. As you slowly pulled the fabric off of her, you could tell her resistance was purely a mental aspect now. She slowly lifted her body to let you undo her clothes, and to let you pull them off of her.Now that she was down to just her underwear, you began to draw your fingers across her sides and midsection as you started to kiss down her chest. Before she had been mostly silent, but now you heard her give a soft sigh and a small arch of her back at the action. You start to snake your hands under her, feeling her warmth and the softness of her skin as you push against the sheets to the hook of her bra. You unhook her bra and quickly relieve her of it, letting her supple breasts fall naturally against her chest with a slight.You could feel her heart beat quicken as you moved your kisses slowly down to her areola. Her breaths became short and exasperated as you started to lick around the nipple. You moved one hand over to the other breast and began to massage into it. You moved your mouth directly over the nipple and began to suck on it tenderly. This caused Cadence to look down at you and let out tiny little squeaks that hinted towards moans.She was definitely enjoying herself now.You bit down lightly on the tip of her nipple and she immediately threw her head back and let out a strained moan accentuated with a sharp arch of her back into you.You smiled and started kissing down her navel to the real prize.She looked at you with that familiar mix of apprehension and being unsure.Once you got to her panties, you put your fingers between the fabric pressed up against her hips and began to lightly tug on them. Cadence lifted her hips to let you and you quickly relieved those from her as well. You didn't notice from her panties because of the angle you took them off at, but she was soaked.Her pussy gleamed brightly in the soft light of the room, her excitement not only began to spread across her thighs, but it was leaving wet spot in the sheets as well. Much like the rest of her, her vagina was beautifully crafted. She was completely shaven and the soft, smooth texture of her thighs and navel transferred completely over to her labia. Her tiny clit flared with excitement as you hovered over it.Might as well get started.You gave an exploratory lick from the base to the clit and Cadence instantly threw her head back and held on to the sheets like her life depended on it.Her expression was almost pained, as she grimaced and closed her eyes tightly at the contact.This wasn't going to be too hard, with how much she's enjoying this. You start circling your tongue around her clitoris, occasionally stopping to give her a longer lick from the bottom again. This drove Cadence mad with ecstasy. Where as she held back her noises before, now she openly sang her pleasure into the room. It didn't take her long before she gave another hard arch of her back and began to convulse with an orgasm, letting you know with a constant stream of sharp moans, and her quivering clit still being barraged by your tongue. After a couple of seconds, she lay back down into the bed, visibly exhausted from the exertion.But you weren't done with her yet. In fact, you were just getting started.Her eyes seemed to glaze over as she started to drift off, but you jolted her back to the land of the living as you grabbed her by her shoulders and pulled her off the bed and onto her knees in front of you. She seemed a bit hazed as you began to take your pants off. Her attention returned to her as soon as you had them off however. Your dick extended out in front of her, almost tapping her on the cheek at times.She stared at it with a bit of trepidation. It started to dawn on her what she just let you do to her, and what you were wanting her to do in return. Before she could begin to voice her concerns, you moved your hands behind her head and eased your dick between her lips for her.You slowly started to inch deeper and deeper into her mouth. She looked up at you with a bit of worry, but her bright eyes only made you want her more. She was too weak to resist anyway. You closed your eyes and focused on the feeling as you began to pull out of her mouth only to push back into it once again.You could feel her lips close down around your shaft as you lightly drove into her, the warm, wet inner workings of her mouth enveloped your more and more of your dick, until you could feel your head hit the back of her throat and stop it's journey. At this you would pull out again and start the cycle over. The feeling of the cold air against your saliva-coated dick only made you want to thrust back into the warm haven that was her mouth. You opened your eyes to look down at her. She now had her eyes closed and was simply letting it happen.You slowly eased the pressure of your hands off of her head to let her blow you herself. As soon as you let her, she began to bob her head in on your dick, beginning to use her tongue to wrap around it and caress it as it went in. With one hand she began to gently caress your balls as well. Now it was your turn to throw your head back. She was good at this. You didn't know if you could take too much of it before you reached climax yourself. You could hear some slight, wet chokes as she forcibly pushed herself into you, hitting the back of your throat. Every now and again, she would give a wet lick from the base up to the tip, looking at you for your approval of her action, to which you voiced with your own pleasure. She brought her other hand up to begin stroking from the base to her mouth as she continued to rock her head forward.The combination of the pleasure was almost overwhelming. It wasn't long before you could feel yourself going over the edge.In an instant you feel yourself cumming into her mouth. The sensation made you let out a groan of pleasure. She didn't even flinch as your seed began to pour out into her mouth. The sensation of cumming inside it was amazing, her mouth tightly hugged your penis, and her tongue still occasionally caressed it, causing you to convulse and let out a little more cum each time.She backed off for a moment and swallowed all of it happily, looking up at you with a soft smile even though her mascara began to run a bit from gagging a couple of times. The sight was adorable, and now it was time to return the favor yet again by taking this yet another step further.You picked her up and set her back down on the bed gently, spreading her thighs apart as you crawled up on the bed with her, positioning yourself over her to begin. You rubbed your head across her slit to get both of you warmed up again, not that either of you needed it. She was just as soaked as she was before and your dick was still coated in saliva. Cadence looked down across herself with a deep blush and lustful eyes. She bit her lip in anticipation for you to enter her.Without wasting anymore time, you drive into her feeling her lips welcome your dick with a slight squeeze as you push in deeper and deeper. Cadence closes her eyes and lets out a soft moan as you come closer to getting your entire length in. Once you give a final push and bottom out into her, she lets out another sharp moan. You start to pull back out, then you decide to begin your barrage. Without warning you start thrusting into her madly, letting you animalistic lust take over the action connecting you two at the hip.Cadence doesn't seem to mind too much, as she moaned and squirmed around with even greater intensity to match. Her fluids began to coat you as well. You could feel it splatter up a bit as you pounded into her over your groin and balls. The drenched sensation around your entire crotch only made you thrust into her deeper and deeper each time. She tightened her inner walls around your dick with every push, making you inch ever closer over the edge with her again. Soon enough you could feel it coming again. You reached down to Cadence and pulled her up to you, making her sit on your dick as you kissed her and caressed her back with your trembling hands.She began to kiss back, as she began to meet your tongue with hers, letting them dance between your mouths much like your dick was doing inside of her. After one particularly hard thrust, she arched into you yet again and began convulsing, showing you the waves of her pleasure as her vagina started to tense against your dick and milk you for all you were worth.You couldn't help it at this point, you let loose inside of her yet again, letting your semen spill out inside of her as the two of you continued to ride the waves of each other's orgasm. You fell back into the bed with her still on top of you and you still inside of her.  She laid over onto you, letting her soft skin rest on yours. She smiled down at you and gave you a couple more kisses before laying down on your chest with a content smile. She no longer seemed to care about what she just did with you, and this brought you your own smile.You put one hand on her back and another behind your head, and reveled in your victory.So that was what it was like to fuck a Princess.
        Luna gives an embarrassed grunt as she turns to you with a look of utter frustration."Anon, is this really necessary?" Luna has a bright red blush across her cheeks. She's having a lot of trouble focusing on dusting while she attempts to pull her skirt down with her other hand."Of course! Your sister did want you to 'explore new social situations', did she not?" You shoot back matter-of-factually."I suppose so..."Luna looks to the ground, then back up to her hand attempting to dust the shelves. Her lack of eye contact towards you gives you the perfect opportunity to 'stargaze' yet again.  Her skin is a creamy white that flows beautifully all the way down to her exposed thighs and knee-high socks.The crescent-moon panties between her cheeks left little to the imagination, and forcefully grabs your attention like no other ass can. Every time she would reach for the bottom shelf, you would watch her tiny skirt ride up to her lower back, and her panties being pulled to a sliver, giving you an almost full look at her Highness in all her glory.You can hardly contain yourself. You thank Celestia as hard as you can, and Twilight for leaving you in charge of the library while she went out. And to think, she had Luna reading a book about casual conversation.You silently wonder how far you can actually take this. The boner growing in your pants is screaming at you to take the shot; She is right in front of you, open to new things after all. Then again, sexual assault on royalty can have quite the punishment.Fuck it.You walk forward to where Luna is bent over and placed a hand on her lower back. She turns her head to give you an odd look, but when your eyes didn't meet hers, she must have brushed it off.That is until you trace your hand from the light blue bow it is sitting on, down to the edge of the skirt, and begin your descent to her bare skin. She barely has time to react to you groping her ass before you gently push two fingers against her panties where you can feel it give way.She immediately shoots up straight and lets out a yelp not befitting to a princess, but it is pretty cute anyway. She turns to you with a look of utter shock, and a blush many shades darker than the one earlier. You can see them ready the guillotine already.So worth it."What do you think you are doing?!""Oh, uhh..." You weren't particularly sure why you just groped the princess, but yo might as well go with it now. "You see, in this day and age, we're much more comfortable about sexuality, and this is how we court now."If this stuck, she is going to be a blast in Canterlot. She looks at you with a raised eyebrow."So you wish to... court me?""Of course! We need to get you acquainted with the customs of today, and this is a very important one."She crossed her arms and pondered it for a moment.Either the death penalty, or getting inside the royal ass. This is a big one."Oh, I suppose if it brings me closer to my subjects. How should we proceed?"Jackpot."Well, I suppose we're done playing dress up, you should take the outfit off."She reached behind her outfit and begins to unlace her outfit, causing you to go red with a blush of your own as she started revealing more skin."And put my dress back on?""No! I mean, no. Clothes only get in the way of the courting rituals of today.""If you say so, Anon."She begins to completely strip down, stepping out of her dress and taking off her bra, then sliding off her panties and stepping out of them as well."Is that satisfactory?" She now has on nothing but her socks, and you can already feel your pants getting tight at the sight of her magnificently sculpted body."Or should I take off the footwear as well?""N-No... You can l-leave that on." You can't take your eyes off of the figure in front of you. Now you finally have a picture of what every girl for the next thousand years wanted to look like."Shouldn't you be taking your clothes off as well?" she asked, a bit embarrassed to be naked all by herself."Oh, yeah. Sure."You start nervously taking your clothes off in front of her, having a hard time taking your eyes off of the radiance in front of you. She seems interested as you peel clothes off, seemingly not having ever been this close to a naked guy before.How old is she?"I must say, Anon. Something like this would've been such a scandal one thousand years ago. You most certainly would be executed and I would've had to stay in hiding for a couple hundred years.""Times are changing, and this is what all the kids are doing these days."That might not have been the best choice of words, but it is pretty true anyway. You took off your last sock and now stood completely naked in front of the Princess of the Night. You swallowed your fear and put on a confident face.You walk up to her and put an arm around her bare waist, pulling her forward and sliding your rock hard boner up against her navel."Let's get started."Luna looks up at you with a deep blush, but still looks quite eager to continue. You pull her forward and plant your lips onto hers, dragging your hands across her bare back. She slowly puts her own hands around your neck, getting into it. She doesn't seem to mind the massive boner you have that is rubbing all over her. You break the kiss away, and look at her with a smile."Well, now that the first stage is out of the way, usually we go to oral.""Oral?""You know, you put my dick in your mouth."She looks at you incredulously for a second, the concept seemingly foreign to her."Well, if you say so..."She kneels down in front of you and settles onto her knees. She inspects your penis for a minute before grasping it with one hand, and positioning her mouth over it. You let out a groan at the touch, her hands were like silk, and her breath teased your tip as she positioned it in front of her mouth.She opens her mouth and puts the head in, licking around it and exploring the taste. Her tongue circles your head a couple of times, and you can't help but let out a groan and shudder at the amazing feeling. Her deep blue eyes look up to you while she still lapped at your head."'ike 'iss?" she tries to say with your dick in her mouth.The combination of her beauty and the feeling enveloping your cock are almost too much to handle. It probably won't be long before you cum right into her mouth."Oh, fuck yes just like that."With her task to learn the ways of today's society, she goes above and beyond. She pushes her head deeper onto your cock, taking in most of it's length before you hit the back of her throat. She picks up a rhythm with her head as she bobs up and down on you, stroking the base with her hand as well. Her tongue circles around your shaft, giving every inch attention as it goes in and out between her lips. The feeling starts to grow greater with each stroke.  This is by far the best blowjob you have ever gotten.Saliva coats your shaft as the princess kept pushing further down it's length, gagging a little bit every time she went as far as she can. The feeling combined with the sounds of her light gagging and sucking on you pushed you right over the edge. When she feels the first spurt hit her tongue, she stops in place. Her warm mouth feels amazing as you cum hard into her.Once you’re done you pull out of her and stumble a bit. The princess swirls your seed around in her mouth for a moment before swallowing it, then looks back up to you eagerly."That was most enjoyable! What is next in this courting ritual?"You sit down on the floor for a moment, not entirely sure if standing is the best idea in your condition. But your boner is still going hard as ever. You can work with this."Next, would be sex.""How do we proceed?"She stands up off the floor and walks over to you with a hand extended, and eager smile on her face. Her lipstick is a bit smeared and you can see a bit of blue on your cock, making it twitch with excitement. You grab her hand and pull her down to you, pulling her knees onto either side of your waist with your cock caressing her drenched folds."Like this."You grab her hips and begin to rub the head across her pussy, spreading her excitement around. She starts to grind into you as well, making your dick caress her in just the right spots. She turns her head and bits her lip with a lustful expression."Oh, Anon, this is a most wonderful courting. Why have I not sought this sooner?""Beats me..."You trace your fingertips across her hips and revel in the feeling of having her on top of you, grinding away. The warmth of her thighs and groin on top of you makes your boner harder than ever, and now you know you can't wait another second. You push on her hips and bring yours up into her, pushing your cock into her tight lips. Her mouth hangs open in a gasp as you enter her, slowly pushing your entire length inside.She happily takes over from here. She bucks her hips up against you, bending your cock and pushing it deeper and deeper into her. She moans loudly and brings her hands up from you to trace up her navel and come to play with her perfect breasts. You push your cock deeper into her and bring your hands up to fondle her as well.With your entire length inside of her, her volume comes to a shout as her enjoyment can no longer be contained. Her soft inner walls play with your dick in the best ways as she continues to grind into you, soaking you with her excitement as well. Her breasts feel amazing in your hands, and watching her arch her back and run her hands through her hair is extremely hot.Her skin is so soft you feel you might cum again just by touching her. She continues to sing her ecstasy into the room as you forced every last inch into her swaying hips. After a while, she leans back and starts pumping against you, pulling your dick out and slamming it back in on her own accord. The sight of her wet pussy lips inching down your length and kissing the base drives you crazy.It isn't long before the feeling became overwhelming yet again. Finally, Princess Luna cums, dripping her essence onto you and contracting her muscles to clench your dick over and over in her orgasmic convulsion.Her inner walls milk you dry as you cum yet again into her. You see a bit of seed drip out of her as both of you fall forward in exhaustion. Both of you are panting heavily, but Princess Luna is still grinding into you a bit and tracing her finger across your chest. Every exhale from her brings a soft coo from her smiling face down onto you.The door to the library clicks open and Twilight walks back in with a couple of books in hand."Hey guys, what h-- What the hell!?"Her books clatter to the floor as she sees the both of you doing the deed.Fucking busted. Oh well, you lived a good life. Especially today."Anon! What do you think--"Luna jumps off of you in excitement, causing your dick to pop out of her and land onto your stomach with a wet plop."Twilight! Anon has been showing me this wonderful courting ritual. You simply must try it! It is absolutely amazing!"Princess Luna speeds over to Twilight, grabbing her by the wrist and bringing her towards you for another round. While you never thought of her that way, you weren't about to say no, especially not to a horny goddess."Princess, Wait! This isn't--"Despite her petite appearance, Luna is actually very strong. Ignoring Twilight's objections, she pushes her down to her knees and put your messy dick right into her mouth.She freezes as soon as she feels your cock in her mouth. She looks up at you extremely confused with the most embarrassed blush you have ever seen. You give her an apologetic shrug, it is out of your control now. Or at least you have no intention of trying to stop it."Twilight, you must put more effort into it than that! Here, let me help you."Princess Luna runs a hand through Twilight's hair and begins to push her down onto your dick, giving you a very reluctant blowjob from the young librarian. You feel sorry for the poor girl, her face is so red and she can't even move she is so embarrassed.Not like you were complaining though. Her soft mouth easily sliding up and down your dick brought you back up to full mast yet again."Oh, Twilight, you're supposed to be naked for this."Luna puts a hand into her pants and begins to slide them off of her. Twilight jerks up off your cock as she feels the skin on her ass meet the cold air."Princess, wait! I shouldn't be--"Luna pushes her back onto your dick, cutting her off. She started a rhythm for her up and down your cock, and gives her a look telling her to keep at it."Now, Twilight, just enjoy this, it is absolutely amazing. But the ritual cannot be completed unless you shed your clothes.”Twilight kept up the pace nervously as Luna took her pants off her. She squeaks and stops for a moment and you could see Luna behind her, tracing her fingers up and down her pussy while she lifts up her shirt. Princess Luna eases Twilight's head down onto your dick again, putting her back on pace. She pulls up Twilights shirt enough to let her supple breasts fall out of her sweater. Princess Luna massages them with a smile as Twilight continues to wear you down again.Luna lays down beside the two of you and put a hand up against your balls, lightly fondling them and making you throw your head back at the combination of amazing feelings. With one final bob of her head, you cum in Twilight's mouth as well, albeit not near as much as you did in Luna's.Twilight falls backwards onto her bare ass and grimaces at the taste, sticking out her cum-covered tongue."Oh, you would like to share?"Before Twilight knows it, Luna is on her and has stuck her tongue into Twilight's mouth, lapping up your cum and making out with her deeply. Twilight's eyes shoot open as Luna's naked body caresses her bare skin as they trade fluids and their tongues dance in each others mouths. Luna breaks the kiss and a mix of semen and saliva hangs between their open mouths. Twilight is way too surprised to say anything now, and she simply stares at Luna with an innocent look.Luna swallows the cum she licked out of Twilight then lays her down and kisses her again before looking back up to you."Mmm. I believe you're up, Anon.Luna pulls Twilight's sweater up over her head, leaving her completely naked on the ground, her mouth still open in wonder of how exactly this happened. You kneel down between Twilight's legs, looking down at her soaked groin. She seems to be enjoying this on some level at least. Might as well.You start to rub the head of your cock up and down her wet pussy, making her gasp at the touch."A-Anon?" She looks up to you with a pleading expression, but she doesn't get any more than that out."Shhh. I promise you'll like it."Princess Luna looks between the two of you lustfully, running a hand down her own navel and cooing softly as she starts pleasuring herself at the sight of you two.You thrust your hips forward and enter Twilight. She whimpers as she feels you come into her, and brings her hands up to her chest. She gives you a nervous look, but makes a couple of little moans as you continue to push deeper into her. Once you get your entire length into her, she lets out a soft coo she has been holding. You pick her up by her hips and start driving into her, causing her to yell out at the sudden force.Princess Luna smiles at Twilight's enjoyment. With her unoccupied hand she begins to grope Twilight's breast. Luna leans up to Twilight and begins to make out with her again, causing her moans to be muffled into Luna's mouth. The sight of the two naked girls making out in front of you, one bouncing as you fuck her, made you push into Twilight even harder as it turned you on even more. Twilight's moaning into Princess Luna's mouth intensifies the harder you fucked her, and she begins to wrap her arms around Luna and really enjoy it.Luna pulls away from the kiss and Twilight tries to follow her to continue, disappointed it is over.You pull Twilight up onto you, and she starts on you instead. She wraps her hands around you and starts making out with you, grinding her hips onto your dick as you continue to hump into her. Princess Luna saunters up behind Twilight and begins caressing her body as she fucks you, causing her moans to intensify into your mouth now.Luna pushes her body up against Twilight's back, sandwiching her between the two of you. Luna snakes her arms around Twilight's sides and begins massaging her breasts.Twilight breaks away from the kiss and tilts her head up, letting a loud groan out and cumming onto you. Her walls lightly tense against your dick, sending you over the edge for the fourth time today.It feels amazing to cum inside Twilight, but your urethra ached from all the attention, and you doubt you can go much longer without breaking something. Luckily, Twilight falls back onto the Princess, spent.Luna pulls Twilight off of you, letting your dick slide out and making her drip both of you guys' excitement onto the library floor."I will get her to bed. It must have been quite a long day."You lean back and try to catch your breath as Luna carries Twilight up the stairs to her room. She yells back down to you right before she gets to Twilight's room."Thank you for courting me, Anon! I simply must tell Celestia about the wonderful time I had!"You snap back to reality, but just as you turn to say something, Twilight's door closes, and so do your chances at trying to keep this secret. You get up and put your clothes back on, hurrying to get out of there.You speed out of the door, hoping you can find a safe place where the guards won't catch you.Maybe another country.You hear the other side of the earth is nice this time of year.	The music in the club assaulted your ears and thumped through your very core, feeling like a second heartbeat as the latest song blared and the DJ bobbed her head to the beat. The lights were a dull purple and pink, lighting up the dance floor but not much else. This left most of the club quite dim; all except for the bright blue lights over at the bar of course.Normally you wouldn't want to waste your time in a place like this—too many of Canterlot’s junkies and partygoers in one place was never good—but tonight was special.Tonight was ladies’ night.The illustrious call of half price drinks and free entry were too much for even the most uptight of Canterlot's younger crowd, meaning you had quite a selection to choose from tonight. You'd gotten extremely lucky at almost every ladies' night you've been to, and you weren't about to pass up the chance now.You passed through the dancefloor, halfway eying the local selection, and halfway grinding on the girls that were already pretty close. You passed by a few good-looking ones, got a few winks and smiles, but you felt you could do better tonight.It was still early in the night, and the hottest girls who had yet to really cut loose were still sitting at the bar. Putting on your best confident smile, you sauntered over to the brightly lit bar to hand out a couple of drinks to any potential candidates.As you got closer, the bar seemed pretty full; poor guys getting shot down and plenty of girls not really sure where to start tonight sat and sipped on expensive, fruity alcohol. You scanned the bar for a free seat, and as soon as you spotted one, you couldn't have felt luckier.You took your chance and quickly stole the seat before any other patrons decided to take a shot at the piece of beauty that sat to the left of you. You couldn't have been happier with this. A slim, red dress that showed her curves off perfectly; long, flowing, tri-colored hair that curled at the bottom, and when you sat down, the face of an angel wearing the perfect shade of pink on her lips. You weren't about to let this one get away.She seemed a bit occupied, looking from her drink to the girl on her left, talking about something you didn't really care to eavesdrop on. You waited for a lull in the conversation, then tapped her on the shoulder."Hey, beautiful." She turned to you with a questioning look, like she didn't expect to get hit on tonight."What's your name?" you let out with a confident smile; no girl could resist the pearly-whites."I'm P- Uh... Cadance." Her tone seemed a bit cold, but she smiled back at you anyway."How about I buy you and your friend a drink?"She looked over to her friend with a smirk, then back to you. "Thanks, but w—""Great! Bartender, two more of whatever these fine young ladies were having."You turned back to them, and instead of shooting you down, they both just shrugged."So, who's your friend?" You asked looking over at the smaller, purple-haired girl to Cadance's left."Her name's Twilight." Twilight gave you a timid wave, then looked away, seemingly scared to maintain eye-contact. You couldn't tell if her smile came with a blush in the dark lighting, but you could’ve probably changed that pretty soon."What do you girls do around here? Or does the bar just pay you to come and look pretty?"You got a giggle out of them before they answered you; soon enough you could get them out on the dance floor. You coaxed some small-talk out of the both of them for a while, wearing them down with a couple more rounds of drinks, and even getting Twilight to talk some too. Apparently they were both government officials, or so they would have you believe. They looked at each other and giggled when they answered you, but you didn't really care either.Cadance twirled the straw in her drink, and looked over to you with a devious smile, her face already sporting a light blush from the drinks you bought her."You don't really pay attention to politics much, do you?"You laughed. "I can't say that I do. It took me a week to figure out there were two princesses after Luna returned."They both giggled. At this point you couldn't tell if your jokes were actually funny, or if the alcohol was finally doing its thing. Honestly, you didn't care either way."So, how about a dance?" You looked from Cadance to Twilight, it didn't really matter who said yes.Cadance looked to Twilight, then back to you. "I think I'll stay here and finish this one off, Twilight would love too, though." She gave you a sly smile and a wink, telling you to go for it. That's all the answer you needed."Barkeep! Get this fine young lady anything she wants, on me." The skinny bartender gave you a nod, then went over to ask Cadance what she wanted.That was enough to keep the smile on Cadance's face. You got up from your spot on the bar and took Twilight's hand. She barely had time to register what Cadance had led her to before you started leading her to the dance floor."W-wait— Woah!" Cadance turned around and gave you two a wink as she giggled. "Have fun you two!"You pulled Twilight out to the middle of the dance floor. She looked around, quite confused as the pink and purple lights caressed her soft skin and purple dress. She looked almost like she had never done this before.You moved with the heavy beat and come into time with everyone else jumping around the floor. You liked to think you were a bit better than the average person, but you didn't want to overdo it or embarrass yourself in front of Twilight. Twilight didn't really look very comfortable though; she bobbed around timidly, trying to move away from each person who bumped into her. Obviously not very accustomed to an overpopulated dance floor. She brushed up next to you, since you were the only one she knew and felt slightly less awkward bumping in to."Um... I'm not really sure how to—""Just move to the beat, let the music take over your body," you said, trying to be somewhat insightful.She looked up to you quizzically. "What?" "Just do what everyone else is doing."She seemed to understand that. She looked around and studied other people on the dance floor, mimicking their movements and swaying to the beat just like everyone else. Soon enough she adopted her own method instead of having to look to you or the other people around her to not embarrass herself.You waited for a while for her to really get into it. Her eyes were closed and she had a blissful grin as she discovered the magic of dancing. You watched with a smile of your own as her body moved and jumped, her hair passing in waves over her shoulder as she tilted her head. You decided to take the next step. You moved your way over to her and brushed your hands along her sides and across her hips, startling her at first. She was tipsy enough to accept your advance, though, and soon enough she wrapped her arms around your neck and looked into your eyes, biting her lip. The two of you danced in sync and you could feel her melting in your arms. Her smooth skin brushing up against your neck was enough to start your engine, and you started caressing her sides in tandem with the music, hopefully starting hers.She seemed like she only had half an idea what she was doing, but she was eager all the same. She turned around and started grinding into you, her hips pushing against you in just the right way. You could feel your pants tightening, and you weren't entirely sure you would make it out of the club before you got to know Twilight a little better.Quickies in the bathroom weren't near as fun as getting her back to your place, though.You put your hands on Twilight's hips and pulled her into you, swaying with hers and rubbing your member into the cushion of her ass through your pants and her purple dress. There was no doubt she felt the sizable bulge in your pants on her ass. She looked back at you with a drunken blush and a lustful smile that told you she definitely knew what it was. You decided to push on and test how much alcohol she could handle before she let go of her lesser morals. Hopefully, that limit had already been reached.You continued to grind your hips into hers while swaying with the beat, but now your hands played across the side of her thighs, brushing up against her dress and pulling it up slightly. The tight purple fabric settled onto her lower back, taking away a layer between her and your dick. She put a hand on yours and gripped it with anticipation. She was ready.You contemplated asking her to go back to your place right now, but she didn't come alone. You glanced back over at Cadance to see her checking her phone and looking a bit upset. She jumped between looks of frustration and disappointment before finishing her drink and locking eyes with you instead of her phone. A coy smile played across her face as she spotted what you and Twilight were doing. She waved off the bartender's offer for a refill and sauntered over to you two instead.She danced her way over to you, and eyed Twilight's hiked up dress with a smile."Having fun?"Twilight jumped at her voice and quickly backed away from you, trying to look like she hadn't been three layers away from doing the no-pants-dance. You were a little disappointed about the absence of the ass on your crotch, but you were also surprised she could even hear her over the music.Twilight stopped dancing and looked down at the floor with a nervous smile and a deep blush."I.. uh..."Cadance grabbed her hand and pulled the three of you closer."I never said you had to stop."Twilight looked up at her cautiously for a moment, but went back to grinding on you anyway. Cadance danced beside you two, watching as you ran your hands along Twilight's thighs and the lower half of her dress.Cadance didn't seem to want to be left out though, she danced up to your side and caressed your face with one hand and slid the other across your lower back."How about we go back to your place?"You smiled down at Cadance's proposal. With both of their bodies pressed up and rubbing against you, how could you say no?"Sounds like a plan. Follow my lead, ladies."You started to turn to walk off the dance floor, but Twilight turned around and looked over at Cadance with a bewildered expression. "C-Cadance? But what about Sh—"Cadance pressed a finger to Twilight's lips."Shhhh. We came here to have a little fun, didn't we?""But—""Come on, Twilight, let's go."Without waiting for her to put up anymore opposition, Cadance grabbed her hand and pulled her up to you, and pushed on your back as well, telling you to get going.You led the girls out to your car and opened the door for them. Twilight kept trying to say something that Cadance kept cutting off, but you didn't pay much mind to them. Judging by their increasingly awkward strides and blushing faces, they'd had enough to be considered drunk.Cadance sat in the passenger seat beside you, and she ran her eyes up and down you with a lustful look as you started the car.Twilight spoke up from the backseat, sounding a bit worried. "S-should you be driving?"Cadance looked back at her for a moment, seemingly to stop her from saying something, but decided not to when she heard what it was.You adjusted the mirror to get a look of Twilight in the backseat. "I'm fine."Surprisingly, you didn't have a single drink tonight. That wasn't what ladies’ night is about, after all. You let the ladies have the fun at the bar so you can continue that fun at your apartment.You pulled out of the parking lot and speed towards your apartment. Not only were you in a hurry to get it on, but it seemed like Cadance was growing impatient as well. She leaned over in her seat and began rubbing her hand up your thigh, and massaging the crotch of your pants. The lustful smile and the curious hands told you how ready she was.Twilight looked nervous in the back seat as she watched Cadance grope you, but didn't offer any objection as she started to undo the button on your pants and reach into them. You weren't entirely sure why Twilight would have any reservations about it, so you just chalked it up to her being shy.You could hardly keep your eyes on the road as Cadance pulled your member out of your pants and started stroking it with both hands. You let out a quiet groan as she leaned over and positioned her head in your lap. You thought briefly about pulling over to let her work, but you weren't that far away from home, and this is one thing you wanted to continue. You could feel Cadance's breath on your head as she inched closer to it. She massaged the base with one hand, then slowly enveloped it into her mouth, tracing circles with her tongue around it. She definitely knew what she was doing. She picked up the pace and her head began to bob up and down into your lap. She coated your dick with her warm saliva and you could hear the quiet gag she made as she pushed you as far into her mouth as she could.Just as you were about to let loose into Cadance's mouth, you pulled up to your apartment and stopped the car. You were a little disappointed that Cadance stopped once you killed the engine, but as she bit her lip and glanced playfully down at your bare cock, you knew that wouldn't be the end of it.You zipped your pants back up and head up to your apartment on the third floor with the girls close behind you. They stayed close to you and gave you the occasional playful pinch along with a drunken giggle. You couldn't unlock your door fast enough. With the girls impatiently waiting behind you, you finally pushed your door open and usher them in. They went straight for your bedroom, and you followed close behind.Twilight still looked a little unsure as she glanced around your apartment and took in your decor. Cadance wasn't as hesitant though. Before you even walked through the door, Cadance pushed Twilight down onto the bed and pulled her panties off of her, dragging them over her legs and across her heels and throwing them down onto the floor without a care. Twilight looked almost petrified as she watched Cadance hike up her purple dress around her hips. She continued to push Twilight’s dress up around her curves until it came up to below her arms. With half her body exposed, she looked at Cadance hesitantly. Once she saw Cadance’s reassuring smile, she lifted her arms and allowed her to completely remove her dress from her.Twilight still looked a little embarrassed to be out in the open like that. She sheepishly crossed her arms over her bare breasts and looked away from Cadance with a bright blush. Cadance gently eased her down until she was lying on the bed. Cadance traced her fingers down Twilight’s bare navel, eliciting a surprised gasp from her when she could tell where she was going. Cadance slowly descend around between her legs and wrapped her hands around her thighs. You could not have asked for a better night. Twilight gasped as soon as Cadance's tongue touched her. Cadance leaned down and pulled Twilight's legs over her and began to lap away at her folds, causing Twilight to throw her head back in confused pleasure. You could tell she felt very uncomfortable having her friend go down on her, but the pleasure was keeping her objections at bay.Cadance glanced up at you and wiggled her butt in the air a bit, telling you to get started on her. You quickly shed your pants and shirt and hop on the bed behind her. Twilight's moans and the sound of Cadance's gentle lapping at her already had you going again. You hiked up Cadance's red dress and pulled her panties down to her knees and get a look at her soaked slit. She was dripping down the side of her thighs in drunken excitement, and you didn't waste any time getting started on her.You slid your dick across her wet folds and coated it with her essence. The smell of her sweet musk lingered in the air along with Twilight's, filling the room with the smell of their perfume and the beautiful scent of sex. Without waiting, you pushed your cock into her, and it slid right in without much resistance, letting you feel your entire length become surrounded by her soft, wet inner walls. Cadance gasped and slowed down on Twilight for a moment when you entered her, making Twilight look down at her with lustful yearning and desperately grind her hips on her friends tongue to keep the feeling up. You start pumping into Cadance, filling the room with the sound of her muffled moans as well as Twilight's. With each thrust you pushed Cadance deeper into Twilight, making both of them increase in volume. You run your hands across Cadance's silky thighs through her dress; pushing it up a little more to reveal her toned lower back, and her ass as you could see your dick slamming into it. You trace your hands up further and caress Twilight's legs that are crossed around Cadance's neck and laying on her back. The three of you bounced lightly with every one of your strokes, and as you caressed Twilight's smooth legs, you pulled her into Cadance a little bit for leverage as well as her own pleasure. You could tell Cadance was getting off to being sandwiched between the two of you as she moaned loudly into Twilight's mound. The vibration from her pleasured voice made Twilight throw her head back and sing her own pleasure into the room as well. With a quick shudder, Twilight came onto Cadance's mouth and chin, soaking her excitement into her face as she tensed her legs around Cadance's neck and convulsed.Cadance sat up and let Twilight's legs fall off of her as she fell limp onto the bed, spent from her first drunken orgasm of the night. With any luck, it wouldn't be the last. Cadance leaned forward and let your dick fall out of her. The cool air of the room left you with a disappointed feeling as you missed the warm embrace of being inside her. Cadance had other plans, though; she crawled up on Twilight and gave her a quick peck on the lips, snapping her to her senses so she didn't fall asleep just yet. Twilight tasted her own fluids in the kiss and gave a slight cringe, but Cadance wouldn't have that. She stuck her tongue into Twilight's mouth and let her essence spread around both of their lips. This was something you were going to get into. Both of the girls had their panties off and were facing you in a tangle of legs and the sweet scent of their excitement. You saunter up behind them and pressed your dick to Cadance again, only to have her jerk away and look back at you playfully.She put a hand to your chest to stop you and let out a giggle. “Don't get ahead of yourself just yet..."She crawled up further onto Twilight, turned around, and placed her legs on either side of her head, giving her no choice but to dive tongue first into her friend. Cadance pulled her dress off over her head, letting her long, silky hair fall over her shoulders and her shapely breasts. Without many other options, Twilight resigned to repay Cadance for earlier. She put her hands on her hips and pulled her down onto her a little and began. Cadance closed her eyes and let out a soft "Oooh."Cadance waved you over to her, and you complied by setting yourself in between Twilight's legs, placing your manhood right above her swollen clit. Between the little gasps of pleasure and her soft coos, Cadance leaned down and took you into her mouth again, tasting every inch of you and softly moaning as Twilight pleasured her. The sound of her voice muffled by your dick made it twitch in her mouth, causing you to let out a groan yourself.Before you even had a chance to enjoy it, she stopped and leaned back up onto Twilight again, looking at you between bouts of pleasure. "Her turn," she let out as she leaned down again and placed her hands on either side of Twilight's pussy.Without hesitation, you slid the head down the length of her slit until it gave way, then pushed it in as Cadance spread her apart for you. As soon as you started putting pressure into her, Twilight gripped Cadance's thighs and let out a muffled moan that cut off as she waited for you to continue. Even though you couldn't see her face under Cadance's navel, you could tell by her squirming and her hips grinding into you that she could hardly handle you inside of her.You didn't bother to hold back once you saw how sensitive she was. She was much tighter than Cadance was, and her slick passage held your dick with just the right amount of pressure to bring you to your first orgasm. Not wanting the moment to end, you slowed down for a moment to try to hold it back. Twilight pushed back into you, yearning for the faster pace. Once you felt like you were ready again, you thrusted into her and made her yell into Cadance, making her moan and stumble a bit herself. When Cadance fell forward, she caught herself on your shoulders and pulled you into a kiss.You played with Cadance's tongue as she moaned into your mouth. You could hear Twilight moan into Cadance as you kept driving into her. The three of you made a drunken love triangle that even the thought of would keep you company for many lonely nights to come. How you ever got two girls as beautiful as this to come home with you, let alone have sex at the same time, you would never know. Feeling Cadance's soft skin brush up against you, and the warm embrace of Twilight's inner walls around your manhood, you could feel yourself brushing by the edge with every stroke. Not wanting to cum inside Twilight, you broke the kiss with Cadance and told her. She looked a little disappointed to have it end, but kept her sultry smile all the same as she hopped off Twilight and pushed you down onto the bed.Cadance pulled up Twilight so that they were both hovering around your throbbing member. Twilight seemed like she could barely keep her eyes open, but Cadance led her down between your legs and positioned her against your balls. She started obediently lapping at them and Cadance opened her mouth and enveloped your cock for the third time that night.Cadance swirled her tongue around the shaft as she descended down it quickly, drawing you even closer to orgasm. The feeling of Twilight's lethargic tongue and Cadance's skilled mouth was the most amazing combination of sexual pleasures you'd ever had. Before even a minute passed, you came into Cadance's mouth. As she felt your warm seed hit her tongue, she slowed down and gently bobbed her head against you, coaxing every bit out that she could. With each tense of your shaft, you fell deeper into sexual bliss until you finally gave her everything you had. Cadance let it slide out of her mouth and fall onto your stomach with a wet smack. She looked at you with a full mouth and a smirk as she put a finger under Twilight's chin and brought her up to meet lips. The two shared your essence in a passionate embrace that seemed like all Twilight had the energy for. After both girls had swallowed, they fell down beside you and wrapped around you on either side. Twilight snuggled up to you and fell asleep almost immediately. You put an arm around her while Cadance pulled the sheets over the three of you and found a spot to your right. You put an arm around her too and started to drift off as she lazily traced circles on your chest with a content smile.With a girl on each arm and feeling sexually exhausted, you thanked whatever gods there were for tonight. Best Ladies' Night ever.Right before you fell asleep, you looked down to Cadance as she brought her left hand to her mouth and begin to drift off. Something shiny glinted into your eye right before you fell asleep yourself....Was that a wedding ring?	The sun started to shine through your window, telling you the night is sadly over. You groggily opened your eyes and felt around your bed only to find two empty spots in disappointment. They couldn't have already left, not after how much fun you had last night. Then again, thinking about what Cadance did to Twilight, it was understandable that they might be a bit embarrassed. You rolled over to find the door to your living room open, and the voices of Cadance and Twilight resounding through it into your room."I can't believe you Cadance! You're my sister-in-law!" Twilight said in a harsh whisper.Cadance sounded a little more calm about it. "Look, Twilight, I'm really sorry. I don't know what came over me... I was just tipsy, and one thing led to another." Twilight let out a shudder. "Cadance, you... we... Ugh, Just... I'll get over it, maybe. What are we going to tell Shining Armor? You cheated on him... twice!"Uh oh. You knew that name. You've had your fair share of run-ins with the guards for various reasons that may or may not have been complete misunderstandings, but you've had enough of them to recognize the name of the captain when you hear it. Then it all came back to you: that last moment and seeing her wedding ring. You just slept with the captain of the guards' wife... and sister. At least you lived a good life."I-I don't know. It's just that when he never showed up last night, and didn't even bother to text me or anything...""Cadance! Are you even listening to yourself? How could you do this to him?" Twilight raised her volume a bit more. You figured this was probably what she was trying to say in the car on the way over here last night, but alcohol can do some crazy things to a girl's mind, and both Twilight and Cadance were pretty crazy last night."I've hardly seen him over the last month! He's been all over Equestria and he hardly even tells me what for anymore. When he finally comes home he hardly talks to me, and stands me up when we make plans to go out with you. I just... I don't know, Twilight..." You can hear the crack of sadness and regret in her voice, and feel a pang of guilt yourself; though you aren't entirely sure if you can take any blame for this."You have to tell him the truth, Cadance. If you don't, we're both going to have to hold onto this lie and feel bad about it."Cadance sighed. "You're right, Twilight. Wh... What if he doesn't forgive me though?" You can hear her sniff back tears. Now you felt even worse."Oh, Cadance. I know how much my brother loves you. I know he'll be pissed, but if you just come clean and tell him how you feel, I'm sure he can find it in his heart to forgive you."You can hear Cadance let out a couple of choked breaths and sniffles which probably had a few tears along with them. You leaned over to see her hugging Twilight, and looking pretty pathetic."We should probably go. We don't need to put this off for any longer than we should."“W-Well, what about him?” Cadance said, pointing back over to your room.“I don’t think he needs that on his conscious, and Shining Armor definitely doesn’t need someone to take it out on. Let’s just go.” You could hear them shuffling, so you laid back down and pretended to be asleep. You had no idea how to deal with that bombshell, so you didn't. After a minute the door opened and closed behind them, and you gathered your thoughts on how to deal with this whole mess. No answers came to you right away. This was pretty heavy, and the last thing you wanted to do was get caught in the crosshairs of the top dog of the guards. Hopefully neither of them included your name in that little discussion. You had no idea how to manage against one of the most elite guards in Canterlot.One thing you did know, was that you needed a drink.________________________________________________________You headed back to the same club, since it was the closest to your apartment. Surprisingly, they stayed open most of the day as a bar, instead of just opening at night. You were thankful for the convenience as you sat down on one of the stools and waited for the bartender. A couple of seats away were the stools you met Cadance and Twilight on. Maybe this bar wasn't the best idea."What'll it be, dude?" A girl with frizzy electric blue hair and deep purple eyes asked you.You looked her over, recognizing her from last night. "Whiskey, Vinyl."She leaned up against the bar and let out a little giggle. "It's a little early for that, don't you think?""Yeah, well today isn't really going very well anyway. What are you doing bartending, anyway?" You knew the DJ from being around here long enough. You got to know her through multiple attempts at taking her back to your place, but she never let you have that one."I can moonlight sometimes. Or sunlight might be a better term. Besides, Lucky got stabbed on the way home last night, so I gotta fill in."You raised an eyebrow at that, but you weren't particularly surprised. The Canterlot alleyways were never very safe, especially not at three in the morning. Vinyl poured your drink and slid it over to you. You knocked it back fairly quickly and waved over for another. Vinyl looked around the bar, and when she saw that it was empty, she sat the bottle onto the wood and stood over beside you. "So why exactly is your day sucking already? I saw who you went home with. Quite a catch, huh?""Which one?"Vinyl leaned back and looked impressed. "Two in one night? And one of them was Princess Twilight? How did you manage that one?"You smiled. If Shining Armor killed you today, at least you had a great last night. "A little smooth talking and a lot of alcohol. The only problem is the other one was a girl named Cadance."Vinyl's impressed look quickly dissolved into shock. "What? Princess Cadance? She's married!"Vinyl held off on the next shot while she tried to take in the situation. "Yeah, well I just found that out this morning. Hit me."She grabbed the bottle and started to pour you another once everything sunk in. "Ouch. Well here's hoping that you don't—"The door beside the bar slammed open, and a furious Shining Armor stomped through it, looking at every inch of the bar in white-hot fury. He looked over to see it was just you and Vinyl at the bar, and turned to both of you, grinding his teeth and clenching his fists. You jerked your head to stare off in the other direction, hoping he wouldn't know it was you. It's not like he knew your name or what you looked like... hopefully."You! Who did Cadance leave with last night!?" he said in a voice that promised a world of pain.You whistled nonchalantly, hoping that maybe he would just give up and go. You hoped Vinyl would say she didn't know, but with her silence and the presence of his angered huffs lingering in the air, you started to worry. You dared to glance back over at him, but stopped halfway when you saw Vinyl pointing an accusing finger at you."Vinyl, what the hell?!" "I'm not about to catch heat with the Royal Guards for you."You looked back over at Shining Armor nervously. You could tell by his red face and his eyes that something had snapped, and all that tension was aimed directly at you. In a desperate attempt to escape, you flipped the barstool you were sitting on over and sprinted towards the back door.You didn't have to look back to know that he's feet away from you, with the worst intentions. You could hear his boots knock against the floor behind you at a pace much faster than yours, but you definitely knew your way around the bar better.A couple more flipped barstools and right angle turns around the tables, and you reached the backdoor with a little space between you and your executioner. You flew out of the door as fast as you could manage, letting it hang open behind you as you make your way down the alley.The brick walls on either side of you split up ahead into another building, making a pathway right out to the street, and hopefully to you keeping all of your teeth. You sprinted as fast as your legs could carry you towards the bend that leads to the street, but it seemed you didn't slow down Shining Armor enough to make a clean break; right as you drew near to the edge, you heard his stomps close behind you yet again. Sadly, you didn't hold a candle to the kind of shape most of the royal guards are in.Just as the light of the street streaked into your vision, something hit you in the back and slammed you into the wall like a freight train. With Shining Armor's shoulder keeping you against the wall, and the feeling of a couple of possibly cracked ribs, you started to think your last thoughts.A hand grabs you by the neck and spins you around before slamming you against the wall again. Shining Armor got a couple inches away from your face and looks into your eyes with such a deep hatred that you think you might burst into flames right there."You think it's fun to get married girls drunk and fuck them?! You think you were just going to get away with it?! Huh?!"He slammed you against the wall again and again for emphasis. His teeth grinded as he waits for your answer. His grip tightened around your neck, cutting off most of your voice. "C-Come on, man. I didn't know she was m-married."That seemed to have the opposite of the desired effect. Shining Armor only grew redder with rage, and his muscles started to clamp down onto your neck even harder."You didn't know that the Princess of the Crystal Kingdom was married?! You liar!"Any second you would pass out with the way he was holding onto you. The last thing you wanted was to wake up with a couple of missing body parts and whatever else he might have had planned."She came onto me! I swear!" you said in a last attempt to try to get out of the situation.  Shining Armor loosened his grip a little and lets you breathe, but still held you firmly in place.Cadance must have told him the full story, because when you said that, his rage faltered a bit. It looked like some part of him knew this wasn't your fault, but he still needed someone to take it out on, and you doubt he was ever going to beat his own wife.Shining Armor closed his eyes for a moment and looks a bit defeated at the circumstances, but immediately pushed you back up into the wall with his iron grip once again. "I don't care how it happened. If I ever see you around her again— No, if I ever see you in Canterlot again, a couple of bruises will be the least of your worries. Got it?!""Yeah! Just let me—"Shining rears back and slammed a fist right into your cheek, knocking you out cold.        ________________________________________________________"Hey!"Your entire world was pain for a couple of agonizing seconds as your vision blurred into focus and your ears stop ringing. For a moment you think Shining Armor woke you up for another beating, but the voice calling out to you isn't his."Are you okay?"The tall brick buildings came into focus around you, and the cold concrete at your back told you that you probably haven't moved since you got decked. A girl with dark purple hair and concerned eyes was kneeling over you with a hand on your chest."T-Twilight?" you asked as you finally recognize her."Yeah." She turned away, looking a little guilty. "I'm really sorry about that, my brother can be a real hot-head sometimes."You started to say something, but the pain in your cheek and the swollen area around a seemingly missing tooth only allowed you to let out a pained groan.You sat up and felt some blood start to drip out of your mouth. Twilight cringed, but put a hand on your shoulder in concern anyway. She looked across your cheek and back up to your eyes again. "Oh, that looks awful.""Yeah, well it doesn't feel that great either," you said through a slur. Each word brought a little twinge of pain as you let it out."Can you stand up?" You checked yourself over for any other major bodily damage, but it seems like Shining Armor restricted himself to just a single punch. You started to try to lift yourself off the ground, but Twilight came in and wrapped her arms around yours, helping you up."What are you doing here anyway?" You glanced over at Twilight questioningly, since she was related to Shining Armor as well. Though, he never said anything about Twilight before he knocked you out."Well, after Cadance told my brother about last night, he went berserk and left before either of us could stop him. I just wanted to make sure you were alright."You rolled your eyes. She could have at least warned you, though, it wasn’t like you didn’t see it coming. "Thanks," you let out sarcastically before walking off down the alley. You had some packing to do if you wanted to keep your teeth."Wait!" Twilight ran up beside you and grabbed you by the arm right as you get onto the street."I actually did have a good time last night..." When you turned around to make eye-contact, she turned away sheepishly."So, uh, I hear Ponyville is nice this time of year," she says, rubbing the back of her neck and offering you a smile. "What are yo—"Twilight thrusted a piece of paper at you and eagerly awaited you to take it. You grabbed it and see a phone number written down. "Give me a call sometime?" she asked with a blush. You're surprised she even worked up the nerve to find you with how timid she looks right now."Uh, sure." Before you know it, Twilight gave you a quick hug and was off without another word. You've never had girls actually come to you for a second date after most of your drunken one night stands, but then again, Twilight didn't really seem like the social type in the first place.You walked back down the street and put your hands in your pockets, thinking about the future. At least now you had a place to go.You may have had to move and avoid the Captain of Equestria's most elite guards for the rest of your life, but hey, you fucked a princess. Scratch that, two princesses.So worth it.	Applejack looks up to you almost as if she’s ready to buck you clear across the farm.  Her eyes glare daggers at you hard enough to almost makes you back down."Care t'repeat that, Anon?" she says through gritted teeth."Come on, you can't tell me you haven't at least thought about it. You and Rainbow Dash are around each other all the time. You two bicker like an old married couple, not to mention how competitive you two are. There has to be a little sexual tension there."Applejack's eye twitches in anger. You get the feeling that you should probably start running; but hey, what's the worst she could do?She takes a step towards you and jabs a hoof right into your chest every now and again for emphasis. "Now you listen here. That ain't how I was raised and it sure as shootin' ain't how I want other people seein' me. If you know what's best for you, you better shut your trap right now."You give her a sheepish smile. She isn't nearly as tall as you are, but she is still pretty intimidating. She’s pretty cute when she’s mad, though. You can't help but mess with her sometimes. She turns around and starts to walk off back into the orchard, but that’s just too sudden for you."So, what, you want to get with Rarity instead?"Applejack stops dead in her tracks in front of you. You can almost see smoke coming off of her head as she shakes with pure fury."Well, she's got to be the hottest mare in town, right? I don't blame you. Besides, you're already in pretty tight with her from what I've seen."Applejack turns around to face you, malice dripping from every word as she looks at you with an expression that could most likely kill a small animal. ”That tears it!”She’s on you like a lightning bolt. You can hardly even register the pain of her slamming right into your chest before you both tumble down the hill behind you. The two of you are bunched up in a ball of tangled limbs and pain as you barrel past trees. You try to dodge Applejack's seemingly random strikes as you fell, but it’s hard for both of you to get any idea of which way is up at any given moment.What was probably only a couple of seconds seems like hours on your aching body when you finally roll to a stop. Once the hill levels out and you lose your momentum, you scramble to get on top of Applejack so she won't be able to bash your face in once she got to her hooves. She struggles against you and tries to buck you off as you pin her hooves down. Putting all of your weight on her was probably your best bet to keep her from murdering you in the middle of the orchard. Applejack tenses and tries to lift herself up, but you have a pretty good hold of her front hooves, while her back hooves flail uselessly at your sides. You lean up a little bit, realizing that since you were still face to face with her, she might bite you. Once she realizes she wasn't going anywhere, she scrunches her face and looks up at you with a deep blush."Would you get off'a me already?" she practically spits at you in frustration."Not until you calm down."She takes a deep breath then looks at you sternly."I am calm."You roll your eyes playfully. "Oh, I don't think I believe you."She tried once again to writhe out from underneath you, but only succeeds in grinding her hips into yours. For some reason this only made her look more desperate.She looks away from you, trying to avoid eye-contact. "Anon, please! Just let me go already."You smile down at her suddenly nervous figure. "Getting desperate already, Applejack? I expected better."She snaps back towards you with rage in her eyes, looking straight at you, piercing into your soul."If you don't get off'a me this second I will shove a whole barrel of apples down your throat while you sleep, then throw your carcass into the pond in the east fields."Well that was oddly specific. You were done messing with her for now anyway; that's one fight you were sure you wouldn't win."Alright, alright. Just take it easy, okay?"You let up off of her and she immediately jerks out of your grasp and gets a couple steps away from you."I'm sorry, alright? I just don't like people spittin' lies about me like that. I don't like any of them like that."She looks at you genuinely, but you aren't done messing around with her just yet."Well who do you like, then?"Applejack jumps a bit at the question, looking surprised as her blush returns to her."I-I'm not telling you that!" she says, looking a bit flustered.You shrug and turn around to start off in the opposite direction. "Alright then. I guess I'll just have to keep speculating. I'm leaning more towards Rarity right now."You can hear her run up from behind you, but it didn't sound like she was going to pounce again. This time she jogs in front of you and put a hoof up to stop you, looking determined."Anon, you know that ain't true. Please don't go around telling folks that."She looks like she’s actually getting upset now. She must really not want people thinking she likes her friends like that. You aren’t one to make your friends miserable like that, but you still wanted to find out"Come on, Applejack. What lucky stallion has swept you off your hooves?"She looks around the grass at her hooves nervously before quickly blurting out. "I-I'm still not gonna tell you!"You shrug again and started walking once more. "I suppose Rainbow Dash does seem like a more viable option."Applejack shuffles around a bit, looking unsure. You just keep walking, but this time she doesn't come after you. You can hear her stammer behind you for a second, but she let you get quite a distance before she finally yells."Oh.. It's you, alright!? I like you..."Now it’s your turn to stop in your tracks."Oh..."You aren't really sure what to say to her. You hung out with her a lot, and you were pretty good friends, but this hit you like a ton of bricks.You turn around to try to say something, but your mouth just hangs open awkwardly for a second. Applejack looks really dejected and embarrassed that she finally let it slip out. You would've felt bad for her if you weren't stumbling over your own thoughts."I... uhh... y-you too?"Fucking smooth. Since you crash landed harder than a 747 without wings, you decide your only feasible option was to bail out. You break off into a run before you say anything else just as autistic."A-Anon, wait!"Applejack reaches out to try to stop you, but you were already gone.You sprint off the farm and keep running right into Ponyville. This situation needed to be resolved, fast. You weren't entirely sure how to handle it, though. You could go to one of her friends for help. That seemed pretty reasonable.You stop running for a second once you're pretty well in town so you can catch your breath and think of your options.Rainbow Dash? No, she would probably just laugh and go tease Applejack.Pinkie Pie? No, she would probably throw a party and try to push you two together.Rarity? Hell no. That is a long drawn out monologue about love you would rather avoid.That left Twilight and Fluttershy. Seeing as Fluttershy was, well... Fluttershy, you opted to go talk to Twilight instead.Once you get to the library you start to realize how stupid all of this was, but you’re too deep into it now. You need some sort of ground to stand on if you’re going to go back and talk to Applejack without fucking it up that badly again.You push the door in without knocking and immediately start without looking around to see who was actually there."Twilight! Applejack said she likes me and I said something stupid so now I'm here because I didn't know what to do and I left her back at the farm so what should I do I have no idea how to—" you start to blurt out quickly.Once you’re a couple of steps into the library and out of breath, you realize you crashed some sort of tea party between her and Cadance, both of whom were looking at you with utter confusion.Well, this night just keeps getting better."Well, hello, Anon. This is certainly a... surprise," Twilight says, looking between you and Cadance sheepishly. "Why don't you slow down a bit. So Applejack likes you?""I, uhh, yeah.""And you just ran away from her?""Pretty much."Twilight runs a hoof through her mane, looking at the ceiling in contemplation."Well, I've never really given out dating advice, but—"Cadance puts up a hoof between her and Twilight, then looks at you with an assuring smile."Look, Anon. You just need to go talk to her. Just give her a chance, and maybe you'll come to see that you like her too."For some reason Cadance sounded really reassuring, giving you a great confidence boost and putting a smile on your face. Although, you did start to feel a bit funny... and her horn was lit up for some reason. You shake your head and brush it off as nervousness.You nod and smile at Cadance. "You know what? You're right. Thanks, Cadance, I'll go talk to her."Cadance smiles back at you and subtly winks at Twilight."Anytime, Anon," she says coyly.You turn out of the library, feeling much more confident than you had before you walked in. For some reason you have a really sudden attraction to Applejack, and a diamond-hard boner trying to bust of your pants.Maybe talking to Cadance wasn't such a good idea.This isn't right. This isn't right at all. Every carnal urge is telling you to go find Applejack and show her how you really feel at the moment. Any rational part of your brain is too busy trying to hide the massive erection that threatened to break through your pants to argue with it.With both hands trying to hold it down, you limped through town, trying to get back to the farm before somebody saw you, or you accidentally do something—You take a step back as something bumped right into your crotch, knocking your hands away. Sure enough, Sweetie Belle was at the perfect height for a headbutt with your member.She took a step back too, rubbing her forehead with a hoof where you prodded her. This was not going according to plan."Ow." She looks up to see your unrelenting cock pointing right at her from your pants. "Uh, hey Anon. Since when did you have a horn too?"BAIL OUT. DEFCON 1."Gah! Go home, Sweetie Belle! Don't tell anyone about this!"Now you knew you were going to get some shit from Rarity about that. You break off into a sprint back to the farm, letting your dick guide the way as it cut through the air in front of you. You close your eyes and tried to ignore the ponies staring at you so you might make it to the farm before you accidentally ruined any more innocence for one day.Finally you made it back to the farm, and Applejack is standing right where you left her, kneading her hat nervously, looking like she might break down any second.You run up a couple of feet away from her and lean over to try to catch your breath. Applejack heard you come up, then breaks away eye-contact again when she sees it's you."Anon... Why did you run away like that? If I knew you were going to run I would'a just kept my mouth—"You try to stammer between breaths, but you have no idea what to say anyway."Applejack... Cadance... I... You... Penis..."Applejack gives you a bewildered look and raises her eyebrow."W-what are you talking about?"You raise up and show her the beast threatening to break through the gates of your zipper."O-oh my..."Applejack looks too embarrassed to say anything now. She stares at your member and didn't even stop to blink as a dark blush crossed her face.You take a couple of deep breaths and resign to try to explain the situation, but you honestly weren't sure if you were going to get through it before you tried to fuck something."Uh... I went to go talk to Cadance about what you said, because I really didn't know what to do. When I left she must've given me this... and uh... all I can think about is you."Well, you said it, but Applejack doesn't look any less perplexed by this turn of events. You really can't wait any longer though. You seriously considered digging a quick hole or finding one in the trees."I... I don't know what to say."‘Say you want it!’ you think as you squirm, trying to hold it down as if you were a child needing to go to the bathroom.Applejack looks around; it seems like it was her turn to look for a way out."Maybe we should talk to Cadance about this. We just need to get things resolved before—""No! I mean, I don't think I'm going to be able to make it back. We need to do something about this, now."Applejack paws at the ground nervously. You know it has to be really sudden for her, but you think you’re definitely going to be the first documented case of a death from blue balls if you don’t get something soon."So, what should we do?""Applejack, this hurts. I think there's only one way to fix it before this becomes serious."You motion towards her suggestively, and she cocks an eyebrow at you for a moment before it hits her."A-Anon! We can't do that! I just told you I liked you not even an hour ago!"You tense and hop around, trying not to think about how hard it was keeping the kraken unreleased in your pants."Applejack, please, I'm begging you. I will literally do anything for you if you help me out. PLEASE."Applejack rubs the back of her head with a hoof, looking unsure."I guess. But just this once, and you're gonna have to do something big, you hear me?"You don't care to answer her now. You strip your pants off, throw them aside and walk up to Applejack, letting your dick come face to face with her. She sits back on her haunches and looks down at it tentatively for a moment, before sheepishly putting a hoof on the base.You let out a groan at the touch, and throw your head back. She isn't going even close to as fast as you want her to, but being forceful probably wasn't going to help in this situation. Judging by the fearful look on her face, you want to be gentle for her first time; but the rigid boner you are nursing gave you strict directions to do quite the opposite.Applejack leans down towards the tip with her tongue out, and looks up at you for a moment before she makes contact. She still looks really unsure about all this; you could feel her heart racing through her hoof, and her breath quickens too. This was nowhere near how worked up you are though; you think if you have to wait another second, you might literally explode, or have a heart attack.You trace your hands through her soft blonde mane and made the decision for her, pulling her down onto your cock gently. She closes her eyes and let you take hold of her. Her mouth surrounds your dick with a warm, wet, and wonderful feeling as you coax a couple of inches into her. She gags for a moment, but still lets you push yourself further into her mouth, giving you complete control. The feeling is way too much too fast. You lose control of most of your motor functions and fall backwards onto the grass in a haze. Applejack is jerked forward a little bit, surprised by the motion. She looks down at you with her mouth still open and her tongue out a little bit.She closes her mouth and scrunches her face, walking up to your prone figure with a blush."J-just let me do it.""Yes ma'am."Applejack kneels down between your legs and wraps the base of your dick with her hoof again. She nervously opens her mouth and moves over it again, making you shake with anticipation. Yet again she slips her mouth over it, bobbing her head lightly on it, sliding her tongue across your shaft as she traces her lips from the base on up. You let out a moan on every stroke as she starts working up a rhythm. The feeling of Applejack's tongue teasing every side of your cock makes you push your hips up to try to get a little deeper into her mouth on every stroke. Applejack closes her eyes and let you thrust into her, making her gag again. She jerks a little bit, but stays still, allowing you to fully enjoy her warm throat with every inch.Applejack let off to catch her breath for a moment, taking the opportunity to use her hooves instead. It isn't nearly as good as being inside of her, but the soft fur of her coat keep the pleasure going just as much.You’re already warmed up, and you don't want to wait any longer. You pick up Applejack and pull her onto you."Woah, Anon! What're you—"She goes stiff as she could feel you caress her slit with your cock. She’s already soaking wet from just blowing you, so you doubt that she isn't already willing to go for it. As you draw the head of your cock against her, Applejack bites her lip and her hips start to move of their own accord, rubbing against you and pushing back onto you with increasing vigor.You grab her by the flanks and pull her down onto it, pushing past her folds and entering into her velvety inner walls. She inhales sharply at the feeling and her eyes shoot open in shock. She holds a breath as you inch more and more into her, until you get every last bit inside of her.You pull out and repeat the process, going a little faster this time. Applejack moans into the air, throwing her head back and tossing her hat to the side. She spins her hips and grinds into yours, coating both of you in her wet excitement. You let out a moan of your own as your dick slides along the soft, cushioning interior of Applejack's marehood. All those years of exercise made her toned and tight; her folds gripped your dick and supplied ample amounts of friction. You doubt you are going to last much longer like this. The sound of Applejack's joy combined with the wet slap of your hips meeting echoes around the trees and only makes you want to go harder.Wanting to get a better angle, you push Applejack over and climb back on top of her, almost like earlier today. You pin her hooves to the ground and start pounding into her, much faster than before. Applejack seems to be even more turned on now. She leans up and meets your lips with hers, sharing a deep kiss as you thrust into her.Her breathing is ragged and strained, with the occasional gasp to let out a moan of ecstasy and try to catch her breath, but you weren't giving her the chance. She leans back and looks into your eyes with a deep yearning as you could feel her labored breathing on your face, and no doubt the other way around.She jumps a little bit every time your hips would meet, but she gazes at you all the same, reaching her front hooves up around your neck to pull you back down to meet her lips. You can feel sweat start to matte against her soft coat as you run your hands up her back. With every jerk she would lightly moan into your mouth as your tongues dance with each other and you taste her sweet saliva. You can tell she was getting close, the smell of her musk was probably spread around for a good ten yards.Once you can't hold it anymore, Applejack pushes her hips up into you and arches her back. She breaks from the kiss and pulls you into a tight hug and pants right into your ear as she starts to contract with you still in her. With one final thrust she throws her head back to let out a strained yell of desire, scaring away birds for miles around.When you feel her inner walls contract against you, you immediately go over the edge as well. Her soft marehood massages your dick with the occasional tense, and you can feel your own member twitch inside of her as you unloaded. This was a big one; you could already feel some start to drip out before you even finish spilling your seed inside of her.Once your orgasm ended, you could feel your arms start to give out, and Applejack fell limp underneath you as well. You rolled over onto the grass beside her, trying to catch your breath. The both of you were covered in each other's sweat and panting like you had just run a marathon.You look over at Applejack and smile, mouthing the words 'thank you' between breaths. She simply smiles back and tries to relax in the grass for a moment."What are y'all two doin'?"You jerk upright to see sweet little Applebloom looking over at you two with a deep blush and a curious expression. This day just keeps getting better.You scramble to find your pants and hide behind a tree before you ruin anyone else's innocence. Applejack realizes she was pretty much spread eagle with her leaking hole facing her little sister and spins around quickly and sits in a position she can't see."A-Applebloom! Go back to the house!" she says, looking around to see if there were any fluids that might be in plain view.Applebloom takes a couple steps closer and peeks over at you quizzically as you rush to put your pants back on."I was just askin'—"Applejack stands up and looks at her sister sternly, but a glob of cum drips out of her and lands behind her, making her look much less assertive. Applebloom gulps in fear as she looks between Applejack's legs at the seed that just poured out of her sister. Applejack looks back over to Applebloom with a frustrated blush and sits back down thrusting her hoof in the direction of the farmhouse."Wait in the farmhouse 'til I get back. Now."Applebloom tenses at her sister’s tone and scurried back the way she came, leaving you and Applejack alone again. You zip your pants back up, glad that you didn't have to stuff that monster of a boner into it any longer. You walk back over to Applejack, who's looking very concerned about the mess she's making behind her."Well, that was... uh, fun?"Applejack glares at you as a couple more strands drip out of her. At least she still had a little bit of a blush leftover from that little session."As much fun as it was, I think we need to have a talk with a certain princess around town."You nod in agreement. Cadance may have had good intentions, but if you really wanted a relationship with Applejack, this wasn't the way you wanted to start it off."Yeah, she should still be at the library. Let's go," you say with a step to begin your journey. When she doesn’t follow you at first, you look back behind you to see Applejack trying to wipe away the cum still inside of her.You blush and turn around, waiting for her to clean up a little bit before you head back out.Once that problem is mostly taken care of, Applejack follows behind you closely as you start back up. The trip back to town definitely isn't as urgent as the trip to the farm, but it's easily four times as awkward. Neither you or Applejack can come up with the words, and every time you meet eyes you both turn away, blushes returning.You decide to just focus on getting to the library and giving Cadance a piece of your mind. After a short trip, both of you arrive at the library, but Applejack is the first push through the door, in quite a huff as well.Both Twilight and Cadance are still in the same place they were when you left earlier, sipping on tea and talking about whatever it was Princesses talked about."Cadance!" Applejack shouts, breaking up the quiet tea party.Cadance snaps upright, quickly averting her attention to Applejack's frustrated figure. She greets her with a smile."Hello, Applejack! You have quite a surprise waiting fo—" you step through the doorway, arms crossed. You give Cadance a stern stare. "Oh, I guess you two have already talked."Applejack stomps right up beside Cadance. "Yeah, we did a lot more than talk, all thanks to you!" Applejack says, pointing a hoof at her. "You can't just go around making people hornier than a hound dog in heat! It ain't okay."Cadance brings a hoof to her chest, feigning innocence, though you can tell she knows exactly what she did."Me? I would never do anything to make anyone to do something like that. I just gave Anon over there a push in the right direction." She offers an easy smile to the both of you, but Applejack starts up again with the angry lecture.You don't focus much on Applejack's voice once you see Cadance's horn light up again.You know this trick, and you can definitely see the light pink glow of her magic under Applejack's tail. You rush over to Cadance, earning a confused stare from both Applejack and Twilight, but Cadance seems too focused on her spell to notice you as you lunge at her."Oh no you don't!" you say, grabbing her horn and pointing it away from Applejack.And right towards Twilight.Cadance gasps from the sudden jerk and accidentally lets out a much larger burst of magic that hits Twilight square in the chest. A large puff of magical smoke surrounds her, leaving the result of your interference a mystery.You let go of Cadance, and look around to see everyone focusing on Twilight, even Cadance was not entirely sure what might happen.Cadance leans forward, a bit concerned. "T-Twilight, are you alright?"The smoke starts to settle around her, and you can hear her cough a bit, with a hoof up to her mouth. "I-I'm fine..." You all lean in a bit closer. "...but you're looking really fine, Cadance." Twilight looks up, a sultry grin on her face, and her wings splayed out in a completely erect position. Both you and Applejack start to back off, afraid of getting caught between Cadance and the horny princess in the room. Twilight starts to climb up over the table towards Cadance, licking her lips and taking in every inch of her."Twilight, w-what are you—" Twilight puts a hoof up to Cadance's lips."Shhh. Don't talk. We're going to have lots of fun, Cadance."The words sound weird coming from the typically level-headed librarian. You and Applejack share a quick glance, but shrug and decide to be on your way. If that doesn't teach Cadance her lesson, you don't know what will.You look back to see Twilight pounce onto Cadance, pressing her lips into hers with a little bit of visible tongue. Cadance looks at you with desperate eyes as Twilight pushes her back onto the floor, caressing along her body with her hooves.You simply turn your head back towards the entrance with Applejack. Cadance did this one to herself.You shut the library door behind you and start to walk back with Applejack. As the two of you stroll off into the sunset, you can hear various moans emanating from the library.You both have a smile on your face after seeing that little display, and you're both happy to see Cadance have a bit of her own medicine. The walk back isn't quite as awkward; everytime you look at Applejack you both just giggle with each other instead.You near the point where the two of you will have to go your separate ways for the night, and you stop and face Applejack to say bye.The awkwardness creeps back in for a moment as both of you look at the ground and kick at the dirt, but Applejack breaks the silence."So, that was pretty fun.""Heh, yeah. Shows Cadance not to stick her nose in our business."Applejack nods in agreement "Or we'll have Twilight on her like flies on a cow patty.""Haha, yeah."Another moment of silence creeps in, but this time you're the one to break it."You know, not all of that was from Cadance. I do like you too."Applejack perks up, a hopeful smile on her face. "Yeah. Maybe we should go on an actual date sometime," you say.Applejack blushes. "I'd like that.""This weekend?""Sounds like a plan." She gives you a quick smirk before she turns to leave, but stops for a moment, looking like she forgot something.She turns back to you, and you realize what she wants; you lean down and give her a quick kiss.When your lips touch you can almost feel the sparks fly between you, the two of you connected in a special moment of bliss, that you didn't want to end.You pull away, leaving a smile and a blush on her face before she runs off in the other direction before she got all sappy.You get up and head off towards home. All things considered, today could've gone much worse.	Darkness. You awake from your slumber in darkness. Something is covering your face. You try to move a hoof up to your snout with no success. Something is holding you down. The clanking of metal rings in your ears, echoing through your dazed mind.You groan, your tongue making contact with some sort of rubber sphere. You shudder at the taste as the object imprints the sterile flavor onto your tongue. Your head seems to be strapped down, but you really can't tell in your position.*Klank*You freeze. You're not alone in this room, if it even is a room, for all you know you could be in a dungeon, or a cave or even..."Hello there~," a husky voice calls out to the right of you.Your body jolts, it's quite clear your captor is quite close to you, yet when you try to mutter a sentence, it is lost on the gag forced into your mouth. Suddenly, your vision is assaulted by a bright light, the blindfold shrouding your vision has been removed temporarily. You wince as your eyes adjust to the scene in front of you. Lush tapestries hang down from the highrise ceilings, marble tiling adorns the floor, rich, lavish interior furnishings make up what appears to a room fit for sheer royalty. You glance down to find yourself on top of a silky bed, both large and regal, much higher in class and quality than that found from a commoner shop. No, this is something you can be sure is for a higher status than you. Your eyes take in a doorway in front of you leading to a balcony, you can see the natural light seeping inside, the reflections glimmering on the polished stone floor. Squinting, you are sure you can make out what appears to be the shape of another pony, but you really can't tell before the masculine voice drips ever so soothingly into your mind…"Impressed, my subject?"The stallion chuckles as you turn your head to find yourself face to face with none other than Shining Armor, the royal prince to the Crystal Empire. Your face turns to that of a puzzled expression, which the colt picks up on quite quickly."Ah, don't act so surprised. You see, we heard about some of the...encounters...that you go on at the end of every month and being a huge fan of skirmishes myself, I too wanted to participate as well."He knew."Long story short, I want to raid you," Shining cooed, sexual arousal leaking from his voice as it rubbed the inside of your ear. Your eyes widened at his revelation. The muscular colt leaned onto the side of the bed, directly staring into your lovely auburn eyes.You examine the stallion in front of you, your eyes rolling down his toned form, the mere definition of masculinity itself, that is to say, until your eyes spotted what your captor was equipped with.Shining was by no means a small colt. The handsome, strong stallion sported an erection that could put most males to shame. He was large, thick and eager to get started. You wish you could put a number to the size of his shaft, but truth be told, it might be one of the largest cocks you have ever seen.Your body shivers in anticipation, your anus clenching at thin air wanting ever so desperately to have the thick penis forced deep inside of you."Nuh nuh uh, somepony is forgetting their place," Shining Armor said with a smirk. "I'm the master here, and you are my means of conquest. You're going to stay bound to the bed like this until I get my booty, so to speak~"Shining hops onto the bed, positioning himself behind you, his cock dripping in excitement."Oh, almost forgot to put the blindfold back on! Can't let you see what's in store!"Almost instantly, your eyesight is obscured, and as soon as Shining secures the blinder you feel a wet something run up your perineum. It feels flat, rather moist as it runs circles around your tailhole before the realization hits you. Shining groans as he licks your behind, running his tongue along your puckered ass, occasionally poking it inside and giving your walls a slow lick before popping it back out. Light huffs of heated breath hit your sensitive tail, as you feel your cute rump spread apart, and a very flexible muscle enters you...A very high pitch moan stifles around in your throat, fighting to be let out by the gag blocking your mouth. Shining moves his head away for a second. "There, there, we haven't even started yet~"In a flash, Shining brings his muzzle back to your rump, quickly shoving in the majority of his tongue inside you, lashing at your anal cavity with reckless gusto, warm saliva runs along your walls, as Shining's heated exhalement trickles inside your exposed hole between licks. His hooves caress your flanks as he continues to spread them wide, his snout forced as far as he can go, trying to gain more ground inside your ass.He rolls and runs his tongue inside of your pertinent hole, the sensation causing you to clench against his oral muscle, in attempts to keep him detained. However, your hopes are in vain as your stallion manages to withdraw his tongue faster than you can gain purchase against him.Snickering comes from behind you. "You will only enjoy this when I want you to~." With that said, Shining resumes his oral assault until he is satisfied with his efforts.The snowy colored colt releases your rump, placing another object between your cheeks in the absence of his muzzle. Your body quakes as you feel the heat of his body above your rump, his forelegs pushing down on you as he grinds his thick cock against your anus."Uuuunf, that's the stuff, your flanks are so GOOD against my fucking thick cock. MMf!" He pauses, "You want this, you slutty pet?"Shining continues to grind his penis against your ass, waiting for your response as precum rolls from his cock onto your backend. You can feel the warm liquid sizzle on your rump. You try to tell him yes, but the ballgag in your mouth prevents anything but desperate moans from escaping your mouth."I bet you do, now let me show you how it feels to get royally fucked~"With that, Shining pulls his cock backwards, leaving just the tip poised in front of your anus, squirts of precum firing deep into your passage as Shining prepares himself for entry. "Here I go!"Shining shoves himself forward, stretching your tailhole wide as his cock digs several inches into your ass. You let out a muffled scream of pleasure, never before have you felt a cock this amazingly large, thick and throbbing with sexual energy. He holds his cock in that position. Even for his roughhousing, Shining has the decency to at least let you get used to his size before plundering your riches."The best part about being this big? Everyone always feels sooo deliciously tight~!" He pulls out slightly before shoving his cock back inside you, forcing even more of his long stallionhood into your anus. You clench eagerly, trying to get a hold on the massive intruder. Yet Shining was prepared for this, and begins pistoning his cock inside of you, firing several spurts of precum further into your ass.You can't even recall the last time you had ever been with a partner this skillful before. You chalk it up to him being married to the princess of love. His thrusts are heavy, and with each push forward, the stallion grows closer to hilting himself inside you. Shining's thick balls lovingly smack against your hips, and despite not being able to see them, you can tell that he's been pent up for quite awhile, almost to the point you're sure you can even hear his cum churning inside his pouch. You moan incessantly, the sound resonating within your body, unable to escape due to the ball gag forced in your mouth.The bed squeaks and rattles almost in tune with Shining Armor's heart beat, which you are absolutely sure his cock gets thicker with each pump. More and more precum fires from the head of his cock, which starts to flare outwards, signalling his inevitable release. He brings a hoof down to fondle your balls, trying to caress them with very little success. You don't feel close to an orgasm as you know Shining is when…"I summon magic missile!"The gag is removed from your mouth. Your tongue drapes from the sudden freedom only to find a thick length of muscle placed onto your muzzle."Oh Shining, I was afraid you weren't going to call in time~""mmphh!" You groan."I wouldn't be able to finish the beast without you dear~""Shall I prime my cannon, honey?""Yes my love, join me in my conquest to sedate the demon!"Musk. Despite the nerdy conversation playing out above you, you can't even think without taking in Princess Cadance's tantalizing smell. It's the combination of fresh roses blooming after a rainstorm as sunlight glimmers on the crisp blanket of morning dewdrops. Cadance slowly penetrates your mouth, trapping your tongue underneath her fleshy enchanted endowment.She rocks her hips forward, easily slipping her penis into your throat, the taste of her cock imprinting onto your tastebuds. She tastes like the sweet nectar of freshly picked strawberries, their juices extracted into the purest form, lacing onto your tongue. You moan around her cock as she pushes your snout in between her crotch, hilting herself inside you as Shining continues to fuck your behind with his massive stallionhood. Your tongue runs against Cadance's penis, lapping up her exquisite flavor despite being buried under her member. Squeezing and contracting, your throat tries to milk the princess of her cum, eager to be filled with her cum. You can feel every ripple of flesh on her shaft, every throb, vein and curve. You've become her cock sock, and you wouldn't have it any other way.You can feel Shining getting close, and Cadance you hope is closer. You relentlessly try to massage her throbbing stallionhood with your tongue, your own arousal skyrocketing to the heavens as you find your usage to be serving the royals with their carnal needs."Shining...ah! I think I'm going to get a critical~"Cadance's head flares and her penis almost rumbles as her seed rushes to fill you. In a split second, she cums, pouring several loads of cum down your throat, her cock throbbing in sexual delight, firing strands of thick, heavy cum into your stomach. Your eyes nearly roll up into your head as Cadance brings her hooves down onto your mane, stroking it, petting you in approval of your excellent service.Shining continues to fuck your sexy rump, thrusting in an effort to speed up his release. Precum pouring out like a faucet at this point, draining into your plump ass."Shining! The monster is weak, finish him!"Your ears rattle as Shining Armor lets out a war cry before unleashing his orgasm, flooding your ass with several buckets full of warm semen, the two ponies forcing their cum to culminate in your stomach, bloating it a little as the sheer amount of sexual fluids fill you. Your forgotten endowment spurts its load, spraying your mark onto the bed sheets. Cum pools in your ass, painting your walls white with stallion cum, your rectal muscles milking as much of Shining's load as it can.At the same time, Cadance's orgasm reaches its precipice, her cock softening in your mouth with its final blasts of cum. She drags her sexual meat from your mouth, only to fire a large wad of seed directly onto your tongue. The princess pulls her penis out of your maw with a pop, a small river of cum flowing directly after it. You pant, your lungs filled with the lingering vapors of Cadance's seed left in your throat.She leans downward and plants a kiss onto your forehead, cooing into your ear: "You're doing great sweetie~""Th-thank you Princess..." You utter, but your mind is too busy focused on the filling going on in your behind, your stomach rumbling with a nice helping of stallion fluids. Shining is giving you a deep filling, one that you'll be needing a rather long cleaning from in the future. His powerful jets nearly firing directly into your stomach at this point. With a final grunt, Shining collapses onto you, causing a rather fine amount of stallion semen to go firing down your bowels, onto to be blocked by the thick stallionhood shoved into you.The colt is very clearly panting, exhausted from the brutal fucking he gave you, as he goes to pull himself out, Cadance brings your head to hers, giving you an endearing lusty kiss as her husband's penis pulls out from your anal pucker.Cum spills from your behind, mixing with your seed from earlier, making an even bigger mess on the bed. Shining scoops up a nice wad of your fluids and rubs it onto your bloated stomach, mixing all of your cum into your fur.Cadance pulls away from the kiss with a wink, the first image you see as Shining undoes your blindfold and other bindings, letting you flop freely onto the bed.The three of you lay there in the pool of cum, as Shining and Cadance rub their softening cocks against your fur.Cadance pulls herself close to your ear, whispering, "Ready for level two?"You moan, your tongue lounging outward before your head collapses with the mattress, passing out from your sexual quest.	Lights swirled as your vision blurred, rapidly spiraling as the brightness of the scene intensified before all going to black.  The remnants of a masculine voice linger in the last bits of your exhausted consciousness, "Now that the beast is finished, we shall rest!"You pass out from your ordeal, weakened, but your body well satisfied."We wager thou would love to run your tongue along a nice helping of a stallion’s thick ballsack~""Wha-....W-who was that?" You cried out to the darkness.Soft light tones illuminate as stepping stones materialized in front of you, making a path to the depths of oblivion. Your body shivers at the vast emptiness. A mixture of vibrant sections of the midnight blue spectrum radiates from the glowing stepping stones. You hastily move towards them, hoping to be safe in the light."We know your secret. We have seen your desires," a chorus of deep voices bellows in the night.A cold sweat blitzes down your neck, your eyes held wide open, trying to find search for the source of the voices. Despite being more involved in the kinky variety of sexual...experiences, you find it best that word doesn't spread around that you're a bit of a slut. Especially if said word got back to your loved ones. This was a life you lived in secret, one that you immensely enjoyed. The thrill of doing something so...lewd, the rush of adrenaline as you risk getting caught, the sexual embodiment of stallion prowess being forced inside of you...Your teeth clamp down onto your lower lip. What was this, whatever it was, desires? What did they plan on accomplishing?"Hello my subject.""AHHH!" A scream escapes from your lungs, as a pair of bright eyes opens in front of you. Quick to respond, you hastily try to turn only to find your body unable to respond.In front of you stood the Princess of Darkness, the Conqueror of the Skies and the Stars Above, the Vanquisher of Dreams...You mumble, shocked at the revelation unfolding in front of you. "Ppprincess Luna?""Don't act so surprised, it was I who told Shining Armor and Cadance about your escapades. For I knew about their frustration in their private chambers. You, however, have fulfilled your role in this matter, and for that, you have our gratitude."You try to interject: Why you? Why did she pick you? But as soon as you try to form the words, the nightwalker answers."Somethings cannot be answered, even I do not hold the answers of the universe. Though we simply deem that it was fate that guided us to you." She continued, "We have brought you here because we are....um...," the authoritative tone she held slowly lost purchase as the princess fumbled with her words. "...We wish to....fornicate with you. We have been...curious towards the workings of the stallion body, and...we want to feel that...those...things." A lazy blush rolls over the princess's young face, quite obviously the mare is fighting to keep her embarrassment at bay."Uh...okay...""Fantastic!" Luna chirps, delighted at your response and in a flash she sits down. Despite there being no visible floor, you judge that there must be something oddly mystical about her dreamrunning powers. You walk up to the Princess, bowing before her. She chuckles only to instantly put you into a submission, causing you to fall to your stomach, your legs splayed outward."We apologize for our lack of...romance in this situation, we are quite eager to begin~," she whispers into your ear.Your eyes roll downward to your shock that Princess Luna is sporting a gigantic horsecock, one that is easily as long as her legs and about as thick as one of them as well. Your jaw drops. Forget the fact that Shining Armor was well endowed, Princess Luna beats him by atleast a mile in comparison. And to top off the entire package, two hefty balls lie on the floor, practically bloated with large, thick helpings of delicious princess seed.Your tongue rolls out of your mouth in excitement, much to Luna's enjoyment as she uses her magic to bring you closer."It is our request that you service these orbs as if they were the most important object in your life. Treat your princess well, subject," Luna quips, struggling to maintain her composure.You quickly go about the task at hoof, lapping at the squishy scrotum, as the beautiful princess squirms incessantly above you, your head is lovingly shoved between her hips as she softly presses her muscular thighs against your head. Precum dribbles down from the fat tip of her cock, running along the smooth shaft, trickling over her bulky medial ring before dripping onto your sexy mane.You whimper as you feel her sexual juices run along your forehead, blushing ferociously as your thick oral muscle continues to massage those pent up balls. The futafied princess grunts and moans above you, melting from the relentless assault on her scrotum. You flash a lust drunken smile before digging your head deeper into Luna’s crotch. Your partner scootches forward, closing the distance as she grabs onto your mane, her cock draped over your head, feverishly throbbing in sensual excitement. You take one of her thick balls into your mouth, sucking on the luscious flesh, revelling in the sensation of the radiant heat provided by her voluminous cumpouch. The thick stallionhood throbs harder with the Luna's climax edging nearby. You move to the other ball, quickly taking it into your mouth, lustfully caressing it with your tongue, your tastebuds rejoicing at the glorious flavor of the Luna’s tight flesh as you suck ravenously on her balls, letting the taste swish around your mouth.The royal princess lets out a hefty groan, her crotch burning with the erotic embers of lust fueled by your heated breath brushing the base of her new cock combined with the talented kneading on her large, thick balls. A shiver rocks through your body as you feel the penis above you swell with her sexual fluids, rocking through her urethra before blasting several large globs of cum onto your back, showering you in her seed. Your body jostles from the impact of her heavenly fluids on your lush fur coat, mixing with your light brown hair. "We are cumming! Heavens above~!" Luna announced joyously, despite that she had been orgasming for several seconds before. Her cock rolls above your head like an unrestrained firehose, bursting with gallons of fluids as it douses the near vicinity in futacum.You let out a stifled moan, muffled by the swelling testicle stored in your mouth, redoubling your efforts in hopes to milk out as much of the nightwalker’s cum as you can, hoping to prolong her orgasm to the extent that you can literally bathe in her cum. More splurts of semen shoot out of her healthy horsecock, each one mottling your coat with globs of sensual warmth and love. Luna cums for what feels like several long minutes before the last of her climax drips from her flared tip before falling onto your neck.You release her balls from their prison, before moving a hoof up to start licking the underbelly of her softening penis, delighted at the sensation of the warm, passionate shower you just received."Heavens above, that was amazing," Luna beamed, quite enthralled by her first orgasm with a stallion's parts. Looking down, she chuckles on the glazed look of lust in your eyes, your body clearly spent despite having not reached your own climax just yet.Luna gets up, moving her way towards your rump as she slowly tries to aim her head towards your hole. With several pokes and proddles, she manages to finally punch her way into your ass, slowly digging her way to your colon. She nips your ear as she soothingly whispers, "Relax my dear pony, Luna will give you a massage to remember~"With her message conveyed, Luna rocks her hips in a delicate manner, rubbing her still flared tip against the location of your colon, running her massive tool along your sensitive spot. You sleepily let out a bit of a moan, your body drained from all energy as Luna gives you a soft anal massage. The princess brings her hooves to your back, rubbing the remnants of her jizz into your back as she rubs the tension from your aching muscles. You melt under the perfect precision of her caresses, letting out a long, lustrous moan, squeezing on the thick penis buried deep inside you in delight."Let it all out my subject, Luna is here, there's no need to hold it in~"Her penis continues to ever so gently, yet so precisely and firmly push into your g-spot. You let out a deep moan, practically begging for Luna to let you release, for her to fuck you harder. She consents, working into a rhythm that fills you ever so deeply. Never before have you felt so full with such an amazing rod. You only wish that this could go on for a lifetime.With Luna's continued lovemaking, your body concedes and your orgasm instantly rocks through your cock, spraying a nice load of your juices onto your stomach and the ground below you. You almost don't even notice had it not been for the sudden warmth splattering onto your belly, your body is simply too relaxed to even focus on it.Luna lets out a small giggle as she slowly pulls out of your anus."Please...no, leave it in. I..just want to be left like this...with you," you moan.With a soft smile, Luna whispers tenderly, "As you wish~"Rolling you to your side, she lays down next to you, her cock still in your depths as she brings you close for a loving embrace, rocking you gently in a soothing snuggle.	Tranquil breezes brush against the tips of your ears as you lay content on Shining Armor's luxurious bedding. The sheets and comforter are sprawled underneath you, kicked up from the various lovemaking only mere hours ago. Your eyes creak open, the vibrant colors saturating your vision as you fade back to reality. Slowly your senses resume their functionality, as you're quickly assaulted by the heavy musk adorning the air, a small sample in the buffet of carnal smells that linger around you. The bluntness of Shining and Cadance's cum mixing in with the remnants of the princess's heavenly perfume, rivaled only by the strong vapors of pure masculine form acting as a kindling to the embers of your ordeal.Releasing a low moan, your body aches as your muscles groan, your skin feeling almost rejuvenated as a result of your sticky cum bath. Your head slowly rises up from its resting position above your hooves, only to notice an extra limb laying underneath your neck. Your vision glances over to your side only to notice Shining Armor curled up next to you, still sound asleep as a result of his afterglow. The haze of his aroma wafts in front of your snout, your mind greedily taking a large sample as you deeply inhale, revelling in the prince's musk. Visions of endearing stallions asserting their dominance over your body, strong and warmhearted as they lean in towards you in a steady embrace as they flex their thick stallionhoods wedged deep inside you simply overcome your thoughts, leaving you intoxicated, nay, addicted to the sweat, love and natural scent of the royalty laying beside you. You watch intently as Shining continues to sleep, his breathing light but sturdy, his well toned chest puffing out on each inhale. You can't help but notice the way he nuzzles at the empty gap in front of him, affectionately letting out several licks of his tongue as the stallion continues to lavish in his slumber.More, your body begs. You want to know what every tendril of fur, every breath, every bit of Shining Armor's essence is like. The scent is overpowering, exotic, and simply divine. Nothing on this planet could satiate the beast within save for the sleeping stallion alongside you. Carefully you crane your neck closer to Shining's forehead, eager to take in abundant loads of his musk. Now only mere inches away, your snout makes several muffled sniffs, your mind soaring on the vapor high provided by the stud beside you. An uncontrollable moan bellows from your mouth, "Ohhhhunnnnnf~"Instantly realizing the gravity of the situation, your eyes dart directly to the stallion adjacent to you when a smooth, yet furry substance suddenly brushes past your lips. Oh no."Eaawhnn~," the pony next to you mumbled. His drowsy eyes blitzed open upon realizing the proximity of your mouth and his forehead. A blush surfaces to your cheeks almost immediately, as you stare into the stallion's eyes. Lost wondering the abyss, you tremble as Shining Armor lets out a soft grin. "I didn't know you cared~," a comforting voice whispers to you, Shining lifting his forehead, dragging your kiss down the bridge of his snout to his delicate lips.Forelegs wrapped around you, the royal prince brings you in for a delicate embrace as he passionately kisses you. Your muscles instantly flare, tensing towards the sudden affection, unsure of how to proceed. But before you have a chance to respond, Shining has already begun to run his hooves gently down your spine, kneading at the inflamed tendons with delicate strokes. The toned colt slowly pulls away from the kiss, a small strand of saliva bridging the both of your snouts together before he closes in on your ear."Just accept this gift, you've earned it~"A wave of ease rocks your muscles, your body nearly melting at the sound of those words formed so passionately for you. Taking advantage of your relaxing state, Shining swiftly resumes his oral endearment, locking his lips with yours. His wide tongue poking at your lips, magnanimously seeking entry into your mouth. Jaw slackening, you have no choice but to let the knight into your mouth. Shining greedily laps at your tongue as he rolls it around his own, treating it as if it was a form of sweet candy. You suck around the pliable muscle like a newborn on a pacifier. Even for a battle-hardened prince, Shining is surprisingly tender with his oral ministrations. His lips tenderly push against yours, as he presses his tongue deeper into your mouth, caressing your inner cheeks, enticing more squirts of saliva out.WOOSHYour body kicks back from the sudden noise, Shining's muscular limbs jolting around you in a protective grasp as he glares at the source of the noise.Standing in the doorway to the balcony is a dark grey pegasus with a light blue mohawk. In a flash, Shining is sitting with his back to you in an effort to obscure your presence. A light sigh escapes your lips as your treated to front row seats of Shining's big muscular plot. Maybe part of this isn't too bad..."Yo, Shining, it's Sunday! Wh-," the pegasus called out.Shining stammered, "Oh Thunderlane...uh fancy seeing you here...uh...""Dude did you forget? Sundays are our new game days! I can't wait to finish our epic campaign!"You could tell that Shining was not prepared for this situation, placing a hoof behind his head, rubbing his mane in embarrassment. "Uh...umm. You see, things have been busy and I..." "Oh come on dude. This is like the first time since forever since we got to play.""It's only been a week..." You can only picture the beads of sweat rolling down Shining's handsome forehead. Your eyes trickle down towards his puckered plot hole. When Shining did it earlier it felt amazing...why not return the favor? Silently extending your tongue outwards, you take aim at his brown doughnut, ready to ravish his rump."Is something wrong? You're acting really sketchy, dude. Is Cadance in her schoolgirl phase again? She's way too sexy for that skirt."Now was your moment. You were going to get revenge for the anal assault from earlier. A playful smirk and one quick flick of the tongue and Shining was yours again."Uh..no...WAIT. How do you know about the skirt?" Shining leaned forward, likely giving the stink eye to Thunderlane.slurrrrrrrrp"ACK!" Shining whelped as your moist tongue flicked against his nethers. But despite your initial target, you had managed to acquire the succulent taste of Shining's scrotum onto your taste buds. You had missed your mark. In the shock, Shining slips over the footer of the bed crashing to the marble floor below. Poking your head up from the mountainous canyon of ruffled sheets to check on your playmate you end up making direct eye contact with the sudden new guest. Thunderlane casually strolled up to the still slumped over Shining Armor, gleaming over the frustrated (and rather embarrassed) stallion. "So Shiny, I didn't know you still did colts. I thought you said you were going to give that up once you got with Cadance...Looks like things haven't changed, have they~?""No it-it's not like that...lemme explain!""Oh there's no need Shiny...I think I got the whole picture," Thunderlane gently replied as he placed a kiss on the tip of Shining's snout."Wh-what was that for?" Shining asked, his blush reddening across his face."I think you know very well what that was for," Thunderlane smirked as he winked in your direction. "Thunder, I told you I'm in love with Cadance, I'm a married stallion!"Thunderlane teased, "I don't doubt that, bro. Just because you're married doesn't mean you can have a little fun with the guys once in awhile." He lightly nudged Shining's right foreleg before pulling the prince into a friendly hug.Shining however, pushed back against Thunderlane in a feeble attempt to resist his best friend's embrace. "What would Cadance think?" Shining asked.The pegasus laughed, "I don't think she would mind much, I can practically smell her on him." Shining raised an eyebrow. "Don't give me that look," Thunderlane said.Shining Armor let out a sigh of defeat. There was no point in continuing the charade. "Ugh! Fine. I'll admit that I still like playing with stallions.""Excellent! Now with that out of the way, let's get on with our campaign," Thunderlane chirped as he clapped his front hooves together."NO, nonononononononono! NO! We are way too far in our conquest to possibly consider adding any new party members! It will tarnish the integrity of the lore! There's no way that he'll-" Thunderlane waved his hoof in front of his princely friend.Sliding up against the unicorn, Thunderlane wrapped his hoof around Shining's neck. Giving you a smirk as he softly whispered in Shining's ear, never once breaking eye contact with you. "You just leave that to me, dude~," Thunderlane quipped as he slapped Shining's strong flanks. You watch in excitement as the tip of Shining's cock pokes out of his sheathe. SLAMThe gold encrusted chamber door flew open as four Royal Guardsmen swarmed the entrance to the bedroom. One of the guards called out to Shining in a deep burly voice,	"Prince Armor! We have detected an unidentified object flying into the royal chambers-" His speech faltering as his eyes trail around the bedroom, noticing not only a very sticky stallion lying in the Prince's bed but Shining Armor's cock slowly unfolding from its home. "Are you...all...right, sir?"Thunderlane let out a chuckle, "Leave this to me~."Ten minutes laterwump wump wump"Stop bumping the table Thunder, you're making the action figures move!" Shining growled."Can't. This slut is really tight!" A firm hoof smacks against your right cheek, causing you to yelp in surprise. Your eyes dart open to a lavish display of Shining Armor's crotch, his penis bridging his body to your mouth as you suckle and peck on the tip of the throbbing member with your lips. Thunderlane is poised behind you, fucking your bottom with the tenacity of a colt with his very first fleshlight. You push back against Thunderlane, taking more of his cock inside your ass, slowly digging more and more inches deeper within.Two groups of guards are positioned at your sides, each of them rubbing their meaty stallionhoods with their hooves, you manage to catch a glance of one of the guard's plump testicles sagging off the edge of the seat as the muscular stallion runs his hoof along his bulging member. Your vision dims as you envision yourself touching the stallion's cock, softly moving your hoof against the hard flesh, watching in awe as droplets of precum form on the bulbous head of the pink penis, decorated with mottled spots of light brown with thick veins running along the breathtaking muscle, like vines to a tree. To simply touch it, feel the taut texture of the smooth skin, to smell the essence of pure stallion musk, to just run your teeth ever so lightly against the flare, tugging at the grooved ridges just sends your arousal skyrocketing.Just as you go to take a deep sigh of contentment, a sudden push breaks the intrepid kiss on Shining's cock, forcing the thick slab of the prince's tool into your mouth. Shining's broad tip runs along the roof of your mouth, slowly wedging his cock between your teeth. Lips sealing around the penis, your nostrils flaring as your breathing trembles and stumbles in your excitement. As big as Shining Armor is, there's just enough space to slather your tongue around his bulky cock. Drool forms around the edges of your lips as you struggle to keep the penis snugly locked in your mouth. Yet the raging arousal within you yearns for more of Shining's royal scepter, forcing your puffed cheeks to pucker inwards, your encumbering libido daring to pull more of the prince's member inside. A tranquilizing shudder runs down your spine, as your muscles give way to the overwhelming arousal welling within. Several inches of stallion genitalia burrows past your lips, Shining's bulky veins trample over your tongue in earnest. You choke a bit, quickly trying to regain balance as the paralyzing euphoria of being impaled on such a glorious tribute of male genetic prowess as your throat relaxes, softly swelling outward, the bulge an acknowledgement to the massive thickness of Shining's stallionhood. Saliva sputters out of your mouth as you try to moan from the stretching and the pleasant heat radiating from the prince's cock."My liege, we must resume our adventure into the *unf* Whispered Willows," said one of the guards as he rubbed the stallion adjacent to him off.Shining Armor quickly leapt into character as he pushed his tiny paladin figure to the forest section of the realm, pushing his crotch closer to your snout in the process. "With my Sword of Destiny, I shall smite the evil dragon witch and bring an end to her twisted rule!""Yes, me and Divine Legend shall free the kingdom of Raruta," Thunderlane said while toying with a dwarf warlock figure."What do you require of us, oh Divine Legend?" one of the guards inquired to Shining Armor."The rest of you, will fall back and provide support as we trek through the misty bog," the paladin ordered."I search for inv-awwyeaa-ible traps," Thunderlane said, breathing heavily. You hear dice clattering between your fervent sucking, your nostrils flared, greedily taking in several snorts of Shining's musk, the mere vapors obliterating your senses leaving you lost in a pleasure dream. On the opposite side of the table, your abused rump grinds along Thunderlane's cock, the stallion burying as much of his length as you can take. His large girth proves to make the journey challenging, stretching your plothole wider than ever. With only six inches in and you've yet to take his medial ring as it prods at your anus getting ever closer to annihilating the lingering resistance. Never once does Thunderlane relent his assault, riding you hard like an animal, his tenacity leaving nothing to be desired. And yet, you find yourself thrusting your butt back at the muscular male, pleading for him to give you his all. "We'll never make it-" and as if on cue, Thunderlane's tender penile flesh rams against your walls on a well timed thrust, "-through with this much fog! I shall pierce this foul weather with my Eye of Power!""Rroll~"With a shout, Thunderlane's taut ring penetrates through your anus, bringing atleast two, no three inches along with it. You try to let out a scream but your mouth is stuffed full with Shining's large cock, your tongue rattling against the prince's length like a tuning fork. Eyes winced shut, you sputter some deaf curses, reeling in the pain of such a force dealt upon your backside. Sensing his zealous approach was too much, Thunderlane motions his free hoof along your cutie mark, rubbing and massaging your flank in small circles, his cock held ever so still within you. Your walls contract in tune with the throbbing of his penis, your anal passage reforms under the majestic tool wedged deep inside. Then a drop. Another. Some more. Suddenly a stream of it is pooling in your rump. It feels almost cool, like an balm against scalding burn, yet without the lingering sting. The pain quickly evaporating from your body as more of the liquid dribbles out of Thunderlane's cock. The stallion's precum felt phenomenal, whisking away any lingering resistance left from the earlier abuse. The black stallion's penis struts forward, shifting around your rectum like a brush applying paint to the wall. And with a grunt, Thunderlane resumes his thrusting several joules lower than before."Our company proceeds forth into the bog, but as the fog is cleared away by our frightful warlock it appears we've been surrounded by the enemy! The attack is...." Shining pauses as he blows on the D20 in his hoof, before rolling it onto the table.Your ears perk as you hear the dice rattling against the table above you before Thunderlane bellows, "Shining what the hay!? A critical failure? REALLY?""Never fear my compatriots! We will act swiftly, guards raise your buffs!" Shining commanded towards his troops. Out of the corner of your eye you notice that each of guards began vigorously rubbing each other off, running their pre-slickened hooves along the lengths of their fellow brethren aside them. The room was crowded with sounds of mutual masturbation, cocks being played with, teased to their impending orgasmic finishes. A sense of duty rose in your mind, as you close your eyes and moved your mouth up and down the prince's length, tongue flicking against the underside of the royal penis.Several more dice rolls were carried out above you, and yet you knew that the battle wasn't going well. You could also tell that the guards were close as you would sneak peeks at their full, bloated testicles surely packed with delicious stallion cum waiting to be let out onto a certain pony being fucked under a table. Their marvelous black balls drooping below their large cocks, complimenting the overall masculinity of the royal guardsponies. Some of them were dangling off the edge of the chairs, wobbling in the air as hooves ran along the erect stallionhoods.One of the guards spoke up, "Sir, there's no way we can keep going like this, I fear we will fall before this demon dragon witch!"Two hooves slammed down onto the table as Shining's deep commanding voice penetrated the guard's doubt, "NO! We shall not fall! For it is the divine will of the Gods that we must vanquish this blight upon the land! I shall call upon my secret attack!"Withdrawing his cock from your mouth, Shining positions himself upon the table. You gasp and mutter, trying to pucker your lips and keep the penis within your mouth as saliva drools down the front of your face, yet you were a moment too late. Thunderlane reaches under the table and wraps his forelegs around your torso, pulling you out from under the table and positioning you up on top. His cock manages to maintain its place within you, poking and prodding at your insides as he adjusts you for Shining's peculiar order. Your eyes widen as you notice how thoroughly coated Shining's cock is in spit, the rock hard muscle still pulsating under glimmering shine of the remnant liquid.Shining Armor's horn alights, casting a blue aura around your rump. But just as you try to inspect what essentially happened down there, you are quickly grabbed by the white coated prince as he prods your the entryway of your already full backside with the engorged flare of his cock."But what about your game?" You mutter, losing words already as the prince jabs at your rump in eloquent thrusts.There is a tone of silence, as the guard ponies start to form a circle around the table, aiming their cocks at the three of you."Buck it."And with a fierce grunt, Shining Armor thrusted forward, piercing your already stuffed flank with his cock, sending roaring sensations of fullness throughout your mere form, ravaging your scenes with a pleasure overload so intense that you nearly lose consciousness. The combined girth was astronomical, stretching your behind wide enough to snugly fit both cocks simultaneously. The two stallions being their thrusting, taking turns pistoning their cocks inside of you, their ever stretched cocksock. The duo's heaving breathing barrels down your chest, as Thunderlane nuzzles fondly at your neck. The three of you moan as the tag team of giant erections grind against each other. You quickly succumb to pure ecstasy, feeling the dual cocks touch every fibre of your being as they throbbing mercilessly in tune with the stallions’ heartbeats. The combined heat shrouds your body like a vice, easily alighting your limbs with pure fever-pitched, carnal heat. The two stallions were in you, you could feel their combined presence controlling your intoxicating addiction to pleasure. In the back of your mind, you knew without a doubt that you would feel sore in the morning. Inches would shift in and out of your behind as the two frotted their cocks within you, your walls fruitlessly clamping down onto the members with little success, but even without having to clench on those juicy members, you have never felt as tight as you do right now. Two inches in, five out, a combined seven in and then almost the entire length drawn out. You weren't even sure whether to feel full or not, but irregardless you were stuffed to the brim either way. In due time, the throbbing started to pick up as it reached a near rapid pace. Mindlessly you move a hoof down to your stomach just as you felt the two rods vibrate, signaling the peak of group's lustful romp to hit maximal levels."I can't hold it my lord!" shouted one of the guards as a thick dollop of cum spurted out of his flared cock onto your bulging stomach. The colts around you started to cum, shooting strands among strands of their semen onto your fur, almost never ending. Of the guards in front of you grunted as his balls slowly swelled and reeled back towards his body right before he blasted his load onto your snout. Thunderlane's cocktip swelled as it flared, filling your insides with more of his girth but that was before he actually released his seed. With a wail, Thunderlane's cock sent wave upon wave of thick white cum into the depths of your ass. Five, ten, fifteen spurts, it seemingly never ended as he continued to spill his jizz into your accommodating insides. The royal prince moaned as he felt the pegasus's cock throb in tune with his spurts as Thunder's thick penis pounded your ass with Shining's own capable tool. Mere seconds later both of the stallions were cumming inside of your plump ass, giving you the filling you would never forget as the sheer volume of cum surged outward, rolling between the two tightly held cocks, as semen sprayed upon their crotches, painting them with creamy white splotches. Bulging as more cum is deposited within you, your stomach gurgles as the stallion cream sloshes within, creating a royal heavenly mixture decorated in strands of cum of the guardians.If you had felt full before, this blew that sensation out of the water and then misplaced the homes of about a thousand fish in the process. It would take days for your body to burn through this delicious filling at this rate, not that you had really mind that sort of thing. Your mind already rolled out into an orgasmless afterglow as the two stallions continued to jostle their cocks, packing their cum deep in your nethers. Twenty, thirty spurts of jizz, all stored within the muscular males was finally being released into you, their specialized cock sleeve. All you could do is rub your tummy and enjoy the marvelous filling of hot stallion seed. Your hooves kneading at the tight fullness, caressing at the expanding flesh as it pushed against your massaging hoofwork.Minutes, hours, days, who knows how long it has been. But eventually the duo had been fully emptied and on a count to three, they both released themselves from your spent rectum, and along with their cocks came about a gallon or so of jizz, only a third of what they stored inside you.A collective sigh resounded throughout the room as the game of D&D was essentially complete. Moving his hoof onto your cumfilled stomach to give it a little rub, Shining let out a small grin, quite visibly pleased with your performance.WHAM"WHAT THE TARTARUS SHINING, I THOUGHT YOU SAID YOU WOULD INVITE ME TO YOUR CAMPAIGNS," Cadance yelled as she swung the doors to the living quarters open.Twilight popped up from behind Cadance, stating in a formal, lecturing tone, "Also, a dwarf warlord cannot actually equip an Eye of Power ever since edition five of the official rulebook. It says so right here on page 185, subsection two, paragraph four, sentence five."Death stares were had.LE END.A Dangerous DanceShe's always in her box, that muddy brown earth pony. And she always has that sign. The mare was blind, you can tell that by her glossy eyes, and somepony else must have written the sign for her.  Sitting on the edge of the road, out on the edge of town. It's like she wants to be seen, but doesn't want too many ponies to see her. You guess that from here she mostly gets travelers instead of town ponies. You've seen her before plenty, but you've never seen anypony take her up on the offers on her sign. It had been a while since coming to Equestria, and you've had a certain ache, but it's never been strong enough to make you approach her. Being human in an all pony world had it's downsides. Nopony found you attractive, and you had lived a single life, not knowing the touch of another for the past few years. Your ache acts up, a little stronger than normal. Nopony has removed her from here, so it must be okay. Surely nopony would begrudge you for indulging in her offer this once."Excuse me, miss. I may be interested in purchasing your services. I'd just like to check that you know what's on your sign, right?" You had to be sure this wasn't a cruel prank played on a hapless pony after all.She shuffles nervously, and responds quietly. "It's... 5 bits. 5 bits for me to give you a hoofjob." She closes her eyes, and tears start to leak from her shut lids. "10 bits for a full service. I'll use... my whole body on you." She sniffles a a bit, and turns her head towards her box, away from you as she spoke. "And for 20 bits, I'll let you do anything you want." You hear her tail swish back and forth in the box, perhaps at some memory. "Anything at all..."Well, her attitude is a little off, but what she's offering is exactly what you were looking for. You quickly scan the area to make sure nopony is watching, and find it decidedly pony free. What the hell, you have bits to burn right now.You crouch down to get close to her. "Are you open to any sort of negotiation right now, miss?" "I... haven't eaten in a few days. And all I have to drink is this puddle. I'd be willing to... barter for food..." She sounds desperate, and you can hear her voice falter. She is on the edge of crying. Well, you had nothing going on for the rest of the day. Maybe you should make the most of it."Miss. I have a proposition for you. If you follow me to my house then I will feed you, and give you something a little more substantial than a puddle to drink. I will also pay you a sum of 180 bits." Her ears picked up at the mention of food, and you can see her empty eyes peer at you with the prospect of that many bits. You smile at her sudden eagerness. Maybe you can turn her attitude around. "Of course, for this transaction, I will be taking advantage of your 'anything' offer for the duration and I would require you to spend the rest of the day and the entirety of the night with me. If you stay till sunrise, I'll even cook you some breakfast.” You can see her start to drool at the prospect of food. This little blind pony will be eating out of your hand before the night was over, and you were going to enjoy it.She shuffles a bit, and stands herself up. Now that she is standing you can get a good look at her. She's a bit on the skinny side, but not completely emaciated. She seems young, but not too young. If she was a human, you'd think early 20s. You can tell that maybe once she had been a more fit pony, but due to recent circumstances her condition seems a little worse off. Her coat looks greasy, the same as her straggled mane. Perhaps the strangest thing about her is her lack of a cutie mark. How odd.“I'll also offer you the chance to bathe. I'll... accompany you of course.” A bath would be necessary before you let her into your bed. She seems conflicted, and stays quiet for a momentBeing so close to having your desires fulfilled, you begin to really smile. This started out as curiosity, grew into a fantasy, and now you are really going to do it. Your going to pay a pony to suck your cock and let you fuck her and use her all night long. Just because you are bored and have the bits that she so desperately needs. You should feel sick and depraved, but in a way you feel righteous. Nopony has romantically given you the time of day since you got here, so fuck them. Here is a lost little pony just looking for some bits and you are buying what she is selling. It's perfectly fine and if anypony has anything to say about it, well they can go buck themselves. Because that's what you've been doing for the past few years.Lost in your own fantasy, you barely catch her response. “O... Okay...”  The pony seems defeated. She closes her eyes and turns her head to the ground. “Just let me put my sign in my box.” And now you've successfully hired an equestrian whore. You smile as you respond. “Sure. But there is one thing you need to know about me first.” You don't think it will be a deal breaker, but you'd rather know now then later. “I'm not a pony. I'm a different creature. A human.” She puts her sign in the empty cardboard box and sighs. “It really doesn't matter to me anymore mister. I can't turn down your offer. Besides, I can't see what you look like anyways.” She sounds despondent, almost disconnected now as the reality of her decision has sunk into her.Your grin reaches shit eating proportions. “Well, can you follow me? Or shall I lead you somehow?”“I can just bite your tail mister, and you can lead the way. That's how I usually get about.” She stands patiently, waiting for something to grab onto.“That isn't going to work with me. I don't have a tail. You can walk next to me, and I'll rest my hand on your back to nudge you one way or the other, alright?” She gulps a little at the strange request.“Sure mister.”  You walk over to her and place your hand on her, gently tugging her to your side where she heels like an obedient dog. You could get used to this.“You're very tall... and feel strange.” She seems nervous again, rethinking your alien biology.“Well, we all have our differences. I don't know why you're in this business, but I can quickly tell you why I'm a customer in it. Nopony wants to be with me because I'm human. And Ponies just don't seem to find humans attractive. So I'm a lonely man, or as you would say, stallion.” You can feel just a little bit of bitterness creep into your voice.You see her visibly cringe. “I'm sorry for bringing it up mister. I think I know how it feels when people bring up things you'd rather not think about.” She seems genuinely concerned that she may have upset you. Cute. But you aren't spending a day and a half's worth of bits on her for moral support.“Come on. Lets go.” You lead her away, taking the back route to your place so no one see's your new guest. She follows quietly and closely, never losing contact with your hand.The first thing you do when you get to your place is offer her a seat at the table. She's hungry and a little weak, and for what you're planning she's going to need some energy. “Here. Have an apple.” You put it on the table right in front of her. You also grab a glass and pour some lemonade. You make sure to mix in a little extra sugar, she's going to need the carbohydrates and the fluid. The pony hungrily sniffs the apple, and then slowly starts to eat it. It's obvious she's holding herself back, savoring the flavor. You watch as she bites a chunk of it out and rolls it in her mouth, sucking the juices out of it. She carefully chews her bite to a fine pulp and then swallows, taking a moment to breathe in and out a little. “Thank you for...” She starts to cry a little.“Are you alright there?” You want to make sure she's not hurt, she seems a little more delicate sitting in your kitchen crying than she had been in that box.She sniffles a bit, and calms down. “I'm sorry. I just haven't had fresh fruit in a long time. Most of what I eat is usually rotten. It's all I can usually beg off ponies.” You sigh. Ponies were a strange lot. Kind and generous most of the time, they were really stuck on haggling and bartering things. It was why you didn't see many pony beggars. Once you had something to barter, be it a service or a product of some sort, you could usually get them to be very generous. It's one of the reasons your business did so well, you were a cutthroat human. But most ponies would never consider giving away free anything unless they feel they had slighted the other in some way. It would make sense that a pony would “graciously” throw out their bad food to a hungry beggar, avoiding the social faux pas of giving away something for nothing.You need to get this show back on track. “Don't worry about it. Plenty more where that came from. And I plan on having a real dinner with you later. I just wanted to give you something to get your energy up. Speaking of which, you should drink this lemonade. It's a little better than muddy water.” You put the cup down next to her half eaten apple. She holds back a heavy breath, and then takes a sip of the drink before she takes a big gulp. “Thank you.” “Don't thank me yet, miss. This is a trade.” You gently try to steer the conversation towards why you brought a muddy earth pony into your home to begin with.Her face seems to harden as she remembers that this isn't entirely an act of kindness. “Of course...” She  eats her apple a little faster, and washes it down with the rest of the lemonade.You watch her eat, and ponder what exactly you are going to do with your little whore tonight. Well, you should probably clean her up first. Of course, she doesn't need to be clean for you to look at the goods.As she finishes the lemonade, you stand up and walk around the table until you're next to her. “Alright. Lets start with a little peek. Stand up, and put your tail to the side so I can see what you have going on down there.”She silently gets up and stands next to your dining room table, facing away from you. As she moves, you can see the resignation in her face. Her dirty tail swishes from side to side for a moment, and then raises itself up and to the left, providing you a full view of all her delicate pony parts. You smirk at how quick she complied.Her pony pussy is relatively clean compared to the rest of her coat. She must occasionally wash it in that mud puddle. The lips are dark and large, her pussy being comparatively big for her size. She has a large nub of flesh at the bottom, and a tight puckered hole on top just beneath her tail. Well, if her pussy is going to be too loose, then at least there's always her asshole.“Huh. Neat. Come on, lets go upstairs. I have a shower where we can get clean.” You watch as she slowly and carefully lowers her tail. When you put your hand on her to lead her, she shudders but you don't think much of it. You probably just surprised her is all.“This way.” You take her to your bathroom, and direct her to the shower. “Alright! Do you like the water hot or cool?” “Hot please...” She answers quietly, almost like she's not really paying attention.“Hot it is then. I'm going to get it warmed up.” You turn the water on, and step out of your clothes. Ponies never seem to mind your nudity, so it doesn't seem to matter if you tell her you're undressing. Putting your hand in, you find the water is pleasantly warm, now is a good time to get in.“Step this way, miss!” You cheerfully guide her towards the shower, instructing her to step over the tile lip that guards the water basin inside. She seems to enjoy the water, briefly smiling as she faces directly into the spraying nozzle and closes her eyes.You step in with her and grab some jasmine scented soap. You always thought the scent was soothing, so having a little in your shower helped after a rough day. You gently put some on her back, and begin to rub it in, letting it lather up and carry the dirt and grime away. She shuffles awkwardly as she tries to keep her balance.You dig your fingers in a little, working the soap into the hide under her fur, getting her a deep cleanse. She sharply sucks in a breath in response, but makes no move to stop you. “Nice, isn't it?”She has a hard time answering as you keep scrubbing her down, working your hands up to her shoulders and neck. “Ye...Yeah...”You can feel her start to relax a little, start to let go of that burden she seems to always be carrying. For the moment, she isn't a whore. She's just a mare getting a good cleaning in your shower.  As for you, you enjoy the touching. Feeling her skin and making her respond to your touch is nice. There's no awkward stare or weird pause when your hands touch her, rubbing deep into her fur, lathering it up and massaging it. Instead of a glare or a quick jump away, there's a sharp intake of breath when you hit a good spot and a gentle sigh after. It's nice just being with somebody like this, pony or otherwise. You suddenly realize just how lonely you've been, and how desperate you've become. As you continue to cleanse the mares body, removing her dirt and grime, you feel a building wall of shame. This pony is a person. A person with hopes and dreams, likes and dislikes. And you've been planning on treating her like a piece of meat. You think back to how she shuddered every time you've touched her. How she looked so lost and forlorn. How she cried over a simple piece of fruit, an off handed gesture of kindness. You think about how desperate she was when you found her. This is a person so bad off that she's willing to sell her dignity. It's clear she doesn't enjoy this, you've observed that much. You've just been ignoring it, being too busy thinking about getting your rocks off. While she suffered for your amusement. Your excitement ebbs. It would take a real asshole to keep doing what you've been planning on doing. You look intently at her face. Right now though, she's enjoying this. This is something she's loving, and you know what? You like it too. You put a little more effort into scrubbing the back of her neck, moving up to her mane. You see her start to get a far away contented smile. Working your fingers into her scalp, you start massaging the soap into her skin, pressing your digits tightly against her flesh. Her coat is looking cleaner, glossier and healthier. And her face doesn't look so worn. As you finish washing the grime out of her hair, you gently coax her into turning around to face you.“Look... I've been thinking.” She turns her head up to face you as the hot water runs down her back. You can see a change in her demeanor, a slight downcast sensation as she remembers where she is and what's been going on. She remembers what she agreed to do. What you wanted her to do. You can't bear to see her mood change like that, it breaks your heart as her face goes from the happily dreaming person back into the broken mare you originally brought in. “I... Don't think this is going to work out.”She speaks up, nearly interrupting you. “I'm sorry. I got a bit carried away there. Please, I need the bits.” You can hear the edge in her voice, the nervous fear. “But this is... You don't want this. This is wrong.” You stand up straight and look down at her. She's a quarter your size, easy. She lifts a hoof, and for the first time, she touches you of her own volition. Her hoof is warm and much softer than you'd think. It comes to rest on your thigh, and she feels around with it as she speaks. “I was the pony with the sign, advertising.” You see her harden her face in thought, and you feel her hoof explore up your stomach a little, and then back down. “And you. You're the weird tall creature that other ponies think is ugly.”Ouch. That hurt. It's one thing to know you're ugly, but it's completely another to have somebody call you ugly. She keeps talking as she moves her hoof over your groin and lets it come to a rest. She had it on your cock. “But you know what? I can't see you, so as far as I can tell you're just another voice. And you wanna know what else?” Her sudden change of demeanor is confusing, and you barely have time to ask, “What?,” to her rhetorical question before she speaks up again.Her face loses all emotion and her voice becomes monotone as though she is stating one of the very simple rules of the universe. “I'm a whore.”You don't even have time to think before she leans forward and takes your flaccid dick entirely into her mouth. Holy shit. Her tongue is like wet velvet, strong and soft at the same time. It runs down your length and presses at the base of your shaft where your balls hang. Her lips tighten around you, holding  your member steady while her tongue starts to move, massaging and coaxing your little prick into a much larger and more erect cock. You grab the sides of her head as she works your cock with her mouth. It's been so long since your dick has had any action other than your hands that you're fully erect in moments, your throbbing cock getting a wet bath as it grows. She pulls her mouth off of your dick with a wet squelch, and moves to your ball sack, licking and suckling on your dangling package as your cock rests on her cheek. You realize that you have completely misidentified this wayward pony. She isn't just a whore, she's a very experienced whore. Working slowly, she nibbles from your sack up the underside of your cock, teasing and gently pulling on your skin with her strong lips and leaving little red marks from the suction. As she gets to your tip, she slowly pushes her tightly closed mouth over it and presses her tongue tightly against it, making it feel like you're penetrating something. As you bottom out in her mouth, you realize that your cock has to be at least a little down her throat, probably a lot more than a little. And then she swallows.You actually shudder as your cock tip is squeezed, and the undulating movement presses warm and wet flesh up your shaft. She keeps the sensation up all the way to your base by using her tongue to compress you as she breathes hotly into your groin. You aren't going to last, this intense session is way too much for your long forgotten libido.“Stop... Whoa... Hold up a second there...” You gasp for breath as you hold your orgasm back, and she lets go of your dick with a wet plop.“Did you enjoy that?” She asked curiously.You take a moment to collect, letting your body's excitement ebb just a little, getting yourself under control. “You... are very good at that.”She leans into your groin, resting her nose right next to your erect cock. Her voice remains neutral, and she expresses no emotion as she responds. “I told you. I'm a whore.”  You can feel her tongue hanging out of her mouth after she speaks, and it's long. Without moving her head, she licks from your inner thigh, to just behind your dangling sack.You ruffle the hair on her head. Fuck it. She got over her hangups, you can too. “You're a dirty little pony.” You say with amazement.Her tongue slowly pulls back into her mouth, leaving a trail of saliva around one side of your sack. Her voice sounds far away as she speaks. “I haven't been dirty yet. This is dirty.”You feel her nuzzle down under your sack, and then you feel her tongue again, licking your taint and moving carefully towards your asshole. The tongue wetly parts your cheeks, and strokes across your tightened pucker. You had not expected this. The little mare was full of surprises it seemed. The sensation is something you've never felt before, and as she licks your bunghole you feel a tingle deep inside. It almost feels like burning, but in a good way. A white hot fire of pleasure emanating from within your groin.You stutter as you try to communicate to her, leaning over her body and resting your hands on her back. With each breath she licks you and grinds the top of her muzzle against your shaft. It takes all your self control just to speak your wonder. “Ju.. St.. Oh.. Ah... Just how dirty … are... Ahh!... you?”She doesn't respond with by talking, but she does use her tongue. The mare shifts under you just a little, and rams her tongue right into your ass, spreading your sphincter with her potent muscle. At first it hurts, and you clench in surprise. When you tighten around her firm tongue, that white fire that had been building cascades across your body in a wave and you shudder in ecstasy. You're not sure how, but you find that in your confusion, she's pulled you down on top of her and flipped herself over. You're sitting on her face, leaning over her body while she roughly tongue fucks you in the ass in your shower. You're vaguely aware that this isn't at all how you'd imagined the evening to go, but as you convulse over her body in ecstasy, you couldn't care less about that.She's lifting you off the floor with her head as she impales you on her tongue, and you feel your cock grinding against her chest each time she thrusts you forward. Each wave of white fire that burns your nethers brings you closer to the most intense orgasm of your life. You know it'll happen soon.You feel her soft hooves grasp around your cock and begin to pump you, pulling and pushing in time with her tongues filthy task. You tighten your grip around her waist, and bury your face in fur. It's too much for you, you can't take it any more. Her tongue presses strongly against something inside of you, something up and behind your ball sack, deep in your body. You grit your teeth into her body as you explode, thick strands of pent up cum painting the space between you and the whore.You keep thrusting as her tongue forces more and more of your jizz out of your body. You've never felt this empty. You've never felt this alive. Groaning, you feel the burning sensation flow away. You begin to hurt, first your ass. It's sore. Really, really sore. Then your ballsack hurts too. It feels sore in a new way. Like it's just gotten the best exercise of it's life. You're confused. You feel violated. But you also feel good, content with what happened. You relax a little and rest on her body, feeling her breathing up and down, feeling your slime between you and her. It's a little reassuring, having the sticky memory of what just transpired close by. You replay it in your head, focusing on the sensations and the way she moved. That was hot, more intense than you had expected from a pony.After a minute or two, you feel something tapping on your legs. Oh yeah. The little mare probably didn't want to keep staring at your ass anymore. Then again, she couldn't see it anyway. Still, the position was probably uncomfortable for her.You get up, letting her get up as well. After a moment, she speaks first. “Did you enjoy that?”You grin even though she can't see it. “Best 180 bit's I've ever spent.”She taps gently on your knee and you kneel down to her height for her to speak. “That wasn't for the bits. That was just for the food. I believe we still have the rest of the night for me to work off the bits.” You put your hand on the side of her head, and she presses into it. “I think we can work something out. Your tongue is amazing.”She moves forward, pressing her muzzle into your ear. “My tongue is only one part of me you know.” She breathes heavily on you, and licks behind your ear. “All of me is a whore...” Your eyes are drawn to the base of her tail, lifted high and pressed to the side. Exposing herself for the world to see. You reach forward, grabbing her ass cheek and pressing your fingers against her puckered hole. You feel her nearly imperceptibly wince at your touch, but her voice doesn't betray her like her body does. “And all of me has a few tricks.” Your finger resting on her tight asshole is suddenly sucked in up to the first knuckle, and she gives your ear a light bite.“So, how about I start working off those 180 bits?” Your trapped finger is given a tight squeeze and your aching cock rises up to a half chub. It's not even dinner time, and it's going to be a long, dirty night.You asked for itShe's crying right now. It's soft, and barely perceptible, but you can hear it. At first you weren't sure, having fallen asleep after an exhausting evening and then having been disturbed by the noise. She probably thought you were still asleep.“Are you all right?” You mumble shakily through a yawn. You don't know what hour it is, but it's still dark outside. At the sound of your voice, the quiet sobbing suddenly stops.After a moment, she answers you. “I'm fine. Sorry if I woke you up.” She sounds calm and collected. You doubt she's slept much.Well, since you're awake you may as well cuddle. You reach your arm across the bed and begin to scoot closer to her. It seems natural. That's what you've always done fore anybody who's crying, human or pony. You hug them. It also doesn't hurt that in your sleep hazed mind you want to feel the warmth of her flesh against your own. “It's all right.” you say.As your arm wraps around her midsection and you pull her close, you realize it's not all right. She stops breathing when you touch her, and her body is rigid. It feels like she's shaking against you, like she is terrified of something.You fully awaken from your stupor as your concern builds. She makes no effort to fight you, but it feels as though she's frozen up. Unsure of what to do, you let her go and back away. She seems to relax a little, and her breathing returns as you let her go. You have to know why. “What... what was that?”Instead of answering you, she just begins to openly sob, loudly. Your concern turns into panic. What have you just done to make this mare cry like this? “Hey! It's okay. It's okay!” You try to comfort her and reach your hand to her shoulder again. This time she jerks away at your touch, neatly rolling out of bed and landing on her feet. Her eyes are open wide, shining in the darkness as she turns her head left and right in a panic. You can see it on her face, she's terrified. Her sobbing has stopped now, and instead she stays alert. Like an animal searching the darkness for a predator. Her tears silently stream down her face until she takes a couple of deep breaths. “It's just me, remember? It's okay...” You have no idea what to do for the poor mare. Obviously she didn't want to be touched, so you decide to stay where you are in order to give her some space.At the sound of your voice, you see her begin to relax. She blinks some tears away and lifts a hoof to wipe the wetness off her face. She takes a few more deep breaths, and then lowers her head to the bed in a defeated posture. “I'm sorry...” Is all she says.You can tell she's ashamed of her panic attack, and you want to comfort her. She looks so lonely right now, and you're so close. The best you can do is reassure her. “Hey. It's okay.” She blinks and just looks sad for a moment before she responds. “If you don't want to pay me, I'll understand.”You struggle for words for a second before you figure out how to respond. “I had an amazing time last night. You were worth every bit. You're still getting payed.”You see her let out a held breath in relief. “Thank you.”A smile forms on your face when you respond. “You don't have to thank me. This is a business transaction after all.”	A fleeting grin graces her face, and you feel a little better. You both stay quiet for a moment while she lays stands there, resting her chin on the bed. You've found that her face is interesting. She's oddly expressive, but she doesn't always express emotions the right way. You figure it's probably due to her blindness. Being unable to see probably means she never saw other ponies make expressions, so she had to figure them out herself. Most of the time her face is relaxed, and she appears calm. During her panic attack, her face had showed signs of terror, her unseeing eyes wide open and her head quickly turning as her jaw was tightly closed. Happiness is brief on her face, flashing for just a moment and then she is back to her calm normal state. While you had a hard time reading her face, her feelings were expressed clearly through her voice. It was odd how so much emotion could be conveyed through pitch and tone, it seemed as though she tried extra hard for others to know how she was feeling. It was a shame she didn't talk much.“Hey, if you're feeling better do you want to get back in bed?”“If it's all the same, I'd like to stay like this for a while.” She sounds tired.“Oh...” Is all you can say. It must have sounded like you were hurt from her response, as her ears perked up and she climbed into the bed, snuggling close to you. “Sorry. I forget myself sometimes.” She sounds sad, but she presses her back against your chest, and you can feel her down the length of your body. She is warm and soft, and you blush for a moment remembering last night's debauchery. You feel a nagging voice in the back of your head, telling you that she's clearly uncomfortable with the situation, and sigh as you back away from her comforting presence. You awkwardly lay there for a while watching the back of her head, but keeping a reasonable amount of space between the two of you.“So... what just happened there?” Maybe it was a little too direct, but you were never exactly tactful. Now that she had calmed down, you might be able to talk this out.“'I'd rather not talk about it.” She shifted uncomfortably in the bed.You were beginning to get an idea of what was going on. Ponies were always weirded out when they met you. You were different, ugly to them. You had sharp teeth and looked like some kind of huge shaven and misshapen monkey. She must think you're some kind of monster. “It's okay, I'm not going to eat you or anything.” You had thought that maybe she was different, but you had been ignoring the signs. Clearly you make her uncomfortable.She doesn't respond for a moment, and then rolls over so that she's facing you. Her eyes are squinting, as if she's thinking hard about something. It must be something serious. Eventually she speaks. “What? Why the heck would I think you were going to eat me?” The confusion in her voice is mirrored in your mind. “Well, I mean... Uhh... Usually ponies... I mean...” You stumble over your words for a moment. “What I meant was, that usually ponies think I'm some kind of predator at first, and they are kind of nervous around me. Like you seem to be.” You're embarrassed at your confession. It just kind of comes tumbling out.Her concern fades away to her calm face. “Oh. No. That's not the problem.”“Well, then what is?" She stays silent, and you start to get frustrated. This is stupid, she's just a whore, you shouldn't care about what she thinks about you. You tell yourself that it's a simple business transaction. You roll over to face away from her, not wanting to look at her at the moment.After a second or two you feel a hoof on your back, and hear her scoot closer, feeling her warmth again. “I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. I just... I just don't like being touched.”  She wraps  an arm (Leg? What do you call their forelegs again?) over you and pulls herself tightly into you.It's your turn to be confused. “What? How can you not like being touched?” While that clarifies some of the things you've seen, why would a mare torture herself like that? “I have a hard time talking about it.” She holds you tightly and speaks quietly into the back of your ear. You stay quiet and try to process what she's saying.She doesn't like to be touched, but she's a whore. Now all the weird responses you'd get when you put your hand on her made sense. It was uncomfortable for her. But why? And how did she function? You guess that might be the reason for her dire state when you approached her. You have a bunch of questions, but hold your tongue. She seems to sense your confusion.“It's not touching. It's being touched. They're two separate things. It's why I can hold you like this just fine, but when you put you're hand on me I panic.” Well that made more sense you suppose. “It's also not bad if you warn me.” Now you kinda feel like a dick. All those times you unwittingly surprised her. She can't see, you numbskull. She doesn't know you're going to touch her unless you tell her. “Oh. I'm sorry.” You feel sheepish.“It's fine. I never told you.” She sighs and then mutters. “I've never told anyone.”You let her hold you for a while, enjoying her presence. All the while thinking about her, and what could have caused her to be like this.“Hey, can I turn around and hold you, too?” You wonder if being held is still comforting for her, or if it's unpleasant.“Sure...” She says. You roll over slowly, and work your arm under her body, putting your other arm on top of her. She doesn't tense up. As you pull her into you, she relaxes in your grasp and nuzzles her head into your shoulder. You can tell that she likes this.She quietly speaks into you, pressing herself against your body as you hold her. She sounds amused. “Usually I'm fucking somepony when I'm like this with them.”“We already did that. How about we just stay like this a while instead?” You smile as you speak.“Yeah. That sounds nice. I like that.” You can hear the happiness in her voice as you hold each other in the night.-----It's been hours, you're not sure how many. It's still dark outside. She seems to have fallen asleep in your arms, but you just don't feel tired anymore. Something about this is satisfying. The sex scratched an itch that had been bugging you for a while, and that had felt pretty damn good. This was something else. This was satiating you on a different level. Right now you were feasting on something you hadn't even realized you were hungry for. Affection, love, you weren't sure what it was. But it felt good just being there, holding her.Sometime during the night you had rolled onto your back, and brought her on top of you. She had stayed asleep, and now rests her head on your chest. Her warm body presses tightly on you and you gently stroke her back. She seems content right now as well. Maybe she was hungry too? You can't tell what was going through her head. She's a bit of a mystery really.As you're pondering her, she slowly opens her eyes and yawns wide. Her cute little face looks nothing like the dirty whore you took to bed with you. Instead she looks adorable. You stop stroking her back for fear of aggravating her condition. “It's okay. I liked that. Can you keep doing it?” She asks sweetly.“Yeah. I can.” You rub your hand gently down her back, scratching it into her ful a little as you go.“Ooh. That's nice.” She smiles and then leans forward and closes her eyes again, just relishing your touch. “It's not always an issue you know. Sometimes when I feel safe, it goes away for a little bit.”You feel better about things when she tells you this. But you still have some questions, and she is awake. “Hey... so why do you... you know... do what you do?”She smiles seductively, scooting forward towards your face. “You mean why am I a dirty  whore?” You stop scratching her back as she inches further forward, almost touching your face. “You mean you're asking me why I am a cock sucking little pony who will let you put your cock anywhere in her body? A whore who will do anything for a few bits?”You suddenly feel a intimidated by this little pony, and aren't sure you know what to say “Uh... I guess?”She relaxes back down and rests her head next to yours so she can whisper in your ear. “I haven't told anypony my story before. Why should I tell you?”You still aren't sure what to say, something about her demeanor has changed. She went from being a relaxed and content little pony to a very seductive female. “Maybe... It will help? Sometimes you need to talk about things to... help them?” You can hear the nervousness in your own voice. It's embarrassing. “Maybe you're right then. Only one way to find out.” She licks just under your ear, and slowly draws a small trail of saliva to the center of your chest. Her tongue is warm and soft, but leaves a cool wet path on your skin. You feel her shifting on top of you, repositioning for something. “But first I want you to scratch an itch for me. I'm afraid I can't reach it, and you have such long arms.” Her face is over yours now, her vacant eyes half lidded and her warm breath covering your face.You put your hands on her back,and dig your fingers into her her fur again. She coos at you, “That's nice... but it's a little lower.”  She smiles seductively, waiting for you to make your move.Carefully, you keep scratching down her back towards her tail. All the while she grins salaciously at you. As your hands get closer you see her raise her tail, and she whispers down to you, “It's lower still. I think you'll know it when you find it.”You didn't think there was anything left in you, but it seems the few hours of rest you've had have been enough for your body to recuperate a little. Her aggressive behavior is turning you on, and you feel your flaccid cock start to grow. As your hands dip past her tail, you slide them down around her tail hole, and towards the lips of her honey pot.Her lips are swollen and warm, and you tease the outside with your fingertips, lightly tapping along the edge. Her smile turns into a pout. “I think you're going to need to scratch a little harder for this itch.”You oblige the suddenly needy mare, and slip your right hand into her waiting, quivering flesh. It's hot. Not just warm, but practically burning. Your hand slides in easily, she's slippery and wet inside. Spreading your fingers, you stretch her pliant flesh, and she moans in response, lowering her head into your chest.Your other hand drops to the fleshy nub at the tip of her cunt, and you give her swollen clit a squeeze. She shudders into your chest, pressing herself into you as she stifles a cry. Her cunt leaks onto your groin, moistening your now hard cock.She was wet last night, but not dripping. Not like this. You feel strangely powerful as the mare squirms into your chest, moaning and gasping with each touch. You work up a pattern, three deep stretches and two hard squeezes followed by playing with her inner lips while you run the length of your hand across her sopping wet clit. The squeezes make her gasp, and the rough texture of your hand causes her to squirm. She starts to anticipate your movements, leaning into you when you play with her and bracing against your chest when you fill her with your hand.Playing with her body like this, watching her respond so readily is getting you more than just a little worked up. You lean your head forward and give her forehead a kiss in between the part in her dark brown mane. She tilts her head back and dives into your lips, wrapping her arms around your neck and holding you close to her. Her tongue splits your lips, and slides into your mouth. It's strong, stronger than it's size would lead you to believe. You push it back into her mouth, and let it dance with your own. Her eyes are closed now, pressed tightly as she moans into you. You can feel her heat and wetness dribbling onto your cock, lubricating the space between your two bodies.She shudders and pulls out of the kiss to put her head next to yours as she's rocking back and forth. “Make me cum...” You can't tell if it's a request or a command. Either way, you don't plan on disappointing her. “Is my dirty whore having a good time?” You feel her shudder when you speak, her muscles squeezing against your hand inside her.“Yes... Your little filly is having a good time.” She pants it out desperately. You smirk as you grind your cock against her body. She used an interesting choice of words.“Do you want to be a good little filly for me?” Her eyes shoot open wide in surprise as you turn her words back on her. You can feel starting to shake and quiver as she sputters out a response.“I want.. I want to be a good little filly, sir.” You know that she can't see you, but she still turns her blank face to look directly at you with eyes wide as saucers. She's squeezing your hand tightly with her cunt, and it's more slippery than before.The temptation becomes too much, and you pull your hand out. She whines at the loss, pleading with you. “Please! I'll be a good filly. Just let me cum.” You shut her up by kissing her as you line up your dick, and slide it in. She's loose, but absolutely soaked and hot as the sun. You thrust your dick all the way in, burying yourself in the moaning whore as you pull away from the kiss.“Be a good little filly and make yourself tight for me.” You tell her what you want, and she does it instantly. She squeezes your dick hard, it would be impossible to fuck her like this except she's so wet you can slide right into her. She shudders as you put your hand resting on her clit back to work. “Good little fillies get rewarded.”Your throbbing, rock hard cock spears into her over and over again as she babbles incoherently into your chest. It's sexy as hell, but you've already blown your load plenty this night. It'll be a while before you're done. Deciding to make things move along faster, you sit up and roll her over so she's under you and you're facing down on her. Watching her face, you realize that she's close. Much closer than you. You know how flexible she is, so it doesn't bother you to take her arms and pin them to the side of her head with your free arm. She squirms a little, but you can see her shaking and holding her breath as well. You have your other hand start stroking her clit in a long smooth and slow motion as you slow down your thrusting.She's arching her back to meet your slow thrusts as you rock into her. “Does my dirty whore like being fucked this way?” She moans her response between held breaths. “Yes... Sir...” It's odd how she suddenly started calling you sir. You'll have to ask her about it later. She clearly has some kind of kink where she likes to pretend she's younger than she is. Maybe she's pretending you're somebody else, somebody who she would have to call sir?Well, screw it. Every time your last finger slowly crosses the edge of her clit, she gasps and tightens a little around you. So you time things to line up to that as you lean down to tell her what you want.You grin like the Devil himself. “Be a good little filly, and cum for daddy.” Flick. She screams, and you can feel her start to convulse, pressing up against your pinning arm almost like she's trying to escape. You press the weight of your body into her, holding her down and trapping her in a kiss. She begins to thrash about wildly, but your heavy weight keeps her pinned under you and you in her. She's screaming into your mouth, and her eyes are open wide, almost like she's terrified. After a moment of or two of this, you feel her convulse harder, this time into you, and something warm and wet gushes from her cunt. She tears her head away from yours and does it again with a strained groan, more of a guttural scream. As the hot fluid drenches you all the sensations become too much to bear, and you feel yourself let go inside of her. You thrust deep into her squirting flesh and she lets out an exhausted sigh. Her body melts, easing back into the bed as you fruitlessly ejaculate inside her. Your body is trying, but it seems like you're empty. Each dry squirt is really more painful than not, but the sensation is still satisfying. Grunting and sweating you collapse on top of her, and pull her into a kiss. She's completely unresponsive, letting you open her mouth and put your tongue into it. After a moment, she turns her head to the side in order to gasp some air. You let her breathe and get up off of her, sliding your now shrinking dick out of her wet hole. She rolls over under you in order to face away, and you back off from her a bit. You're not sure if you can touch her right now or not.She seemed to enjoy that a lot. You hadn't seen her cum like that yet, it was new. And hot. At the same time, she was acting weird. She hadn't said a word, and as far as you could tell was ignoring you. You began to get worried, had you done something wrong?“Are you okay?”She doesn't answer for the longest time. You begin to get really concerned that maybe you've hurt her. Is she even conscious? It's hard to tell when she's limp like that, since her eyes don't really tell you much. You just lay there in mental agony for a while, unsure of what just happened.Eventually, she speaks. “I said I'd tell you... what was wrong with me.” Her voice is monotone again, as though she feels just as empty as she looks. You want to hold her, to touch her. “Can I hold you? Are you all right?” Your worry bleeds into your voice.Her response is terse, and cold. “No.” Just No. You wait for an explanation, or something like one. Instead she turns completely on her side, so that her back is to you. It's a long while of awkward silence.You lay back on the bed and stare at the ceiling. Somehow you've gone and fucked this up. You're not sure exactly what you did, but it's clearly pissed her off. Minutes, maybe an hour later, you hear her speak again. “I said I'd tell you my story.”You feel kind of angry about being ignored for so long, so your response is bitter. “No. It's all right.”She turns to look at you, and you see tears streaming down her eyes. She's been crying the whole time. Silently, and facing away from you so you wouldn't notice. You feel like you ate a bag of rotten apples. “I'm sorry.”She answers slowly. “It's fine. I just think you should know. I've never told anypony before.” She scoots a little closer to you. “I wouldn't mind you holding me while I talk, but please don't interrupt me. You wrap your arms around her, and she snuggles into your chest. It's nice.She starts her story quietly, but she picks up confidence as she talks. “Some ponies would start a tale like this by saying, 'I wasn't always like this.' I can't start this story that way. Because for as long as I can remember, I've been this way. Afraid to be touched. But it's not without reason. Because he was there in the beginning.” Your heart drops like a rock. You can tell what she's going to say before she says it. “My Daddy.”Fuck.- - -All of my first memories are of him. As soon as I could walk, I learned to fear him. I was born blind, and my mother died in childbirth. Daddy was a unicorn, mommy too. But I was born a blind earth pony. He blamed me for Motherss death. I was useless to him, simply a mouth to feed. So he made me useful.At nights, he would hurt me. It wasn't just painful either, it was embarrassing and awful. I hated baths as well. That's when he would play different games with me. It didn't hurt much, but I couldn't really walk right after them either.I was completely at his mercy, he raised me. Taught me to speak. Kept me at home away from other ponies. If I did anything he didn't like, I was beaten. He didn't like anything I did. Sometimes I couldn't walk from the pain of beatings and playtime.Once, maybe when I was about seven or eight, I asked why he hated me so much. At first he didn't say anything. Then he led me somewhere and strapped my back hooves into something. I was scared, but I knew better than to try and run. There was no where to run to. He hoisted me up, hanging me upside down. Then the straps spread my legs wide. He beat me with a whip, a paddle, and his magic. It hurt down there for days afterwards, but he still played with me at night and made me take baths. It was awful. But he did tell me why he hated me. Because I was a filthy mud pony. A dirty little worm who would only ever be good for one thing. I had no magic, and no sight. I was less than useless, I was a burden. And in order to get me, he had traded his wife, my mother. A talented unicorn mage.I understood where I was in life at that point. Life had been suffering and misery, and that's when I realized it would always be suffering and misery. I used to fantasize about being a princess or being rescued from Daddy. After that night, I stopped. Mud ponies didn't have futures like that. Blind ones less so. I was wasting my time thinking about that. I was better off thinking of ways to make Daddy happy, so he didn't hurt me as much. I got very good at making Daddy happy.Puberty was difficult. I grew. I grew enough where it didn't hurt anymore. I'd been... enjoying... it forever, I don't know when my first orgasm was. Just that they always made me feel dirty and awful afterwords. But after puberty, I wanted his touch for more than just attention. My life had been nothing but suffering with brief bouts of awful pleasure. So of course I favored the pleasure by this point. It was better to make Daddy feel good and for me to feel sick later than to get beaten until everything hurt, then being forced to make Daddy feel good and for me to still feel sick later. But at about maybe twelve or so, I actually started wanting it.When he was working, I would bother him. If he was at his desk, I would go under it and put him in my mouth. Just to feel him finish inside of me while I played with myself. Puberty is when I became his little whore.He sometimes used me to test spells. One time, he told me he was going to “fix” me. I didn't know what he meant at the time. It burned inside me so bad, I cried and then threw up. I had a pretty high pain tolerance by this point, so that was awful. Once the spell was over, he laughed at me. He told me that he made me sterile, but left me hormonal, so we could fuck all through my first season. We did.Daddy and I didn't even shower that week. It would have been pointless. I was constantly wet, and he was constantly buried in me. I would wake him up multiple times during the night, and ride him until he came. Then we would both pass out for a few minutes until I woke up again. During the day, we hardly left the bed. He had a spell he'd use to make himself ready to go at any time, and after he 'fixed' me, my season wouldn't end no matter what happened to me. At the end of the week, the bed was soaked through with bodily fluids from us. Daddy threw the bed away, and made me clean the floor while he watched. Every year we'd spend my season like that, it was like a celebration for us.During my early teen years, I was rebellious. That's when he started mixing the pleasure and pain in earnest. I might spend a day strapped to a machine of his that made me cum until I wanted to die. Or he would beat me with a whip and call me names until I came. I didn't stay rebellious for very long. I wasn't sure if I was getting rewarded or punished anymore, and I don't think I cared.I got out once. It was accidental. Daddy had left the basement door open, and I wandered upstairs. I got outside somehow, fumbling with doors and whatnot. Outside at the time was warm and breezey, and I was greeted by a new voice. One that wasn't Daddy. It was small, it sounded more like me and less like Daddy. It asked me if I wanted to play. I said yes. When the filly got away from me, she called me a freak. She told me to go home and never come outside again. So I turned around and went back. This world outside wasn't for me. I was a mud pony. Daddy found me crying in my room. I asked him to play with me. He beat me instead for going outside. I never went outside again.I hated Daddy. I loved Daddy. He was my world, the only thing that I had lived for during my entire existence. So I was confused when he died. I didn't understand. I thought he was punishing me somehow. He hadn't come down to play with me in a while, and I was getting hungry. So I went upstairs to find him, and the door was unlocked. As I was wandering around his house, I bumped into him. He was hanging from something. He wouldn't answer me when I called to him. He just swung back and forth. I tried to wake him up by giving him a blow job. Can you imagine that? I don't even know how long he was dead, or how long I tried to wake him up. Eventually some stallions came to take his stuff, he had owed them money. I imagine they were surprised when they found a blind teenager fellating a several day old corpse and crying.They took me in, as I was one of Daddy's things. They were nice. All they wanted to do was play with me. Not even as much as Daddy did. Once in a while I would panic, thinking Daddy was back to punish me. I would cry and scream, and they didn't know what to do with me. So they took me somewhere else. They sold me to a whorehouse.There were other mares there. They taught me how to speak like a regular pony, and about the world proper. I spent several years there, I liked it most of the time. The dirty feeling never went away, but stallions would come and play with me. I learned how much a bit was worth, and how to get them. Ponies traded bits to fuck me. They liked me at the whorehouse, because I was one of the better whores. I never said no to anything. Sometimes I would panic and cry, but they would just put me in a room until I stopped. I'd tell them when I was okay, and they would let me out.But then, one day I was talking with a new girl, and she talked about how she told somepony no because they wanted to stick something in her butt. I asked her why she told him that, and she just said that she didn't like it when they did that. That's when everything changed.The next day, anytime somepony touched me, I'd tell them no. And it worked. I didn't do anything I didn't want to that day. It was a brand new world. I meant something, if only enough to keep ponies from touching me. The day after, somepony touched me and I said no. But they didn't stop. I panicked, thinking they were Daddy. I think I bit them or something. I don't remember. They locked me in a room, and didn't let me out when I said I was okay.Eventually, some ponies from the government came. They put me in a house where ponies helped take care of me. I took classes, and learned how to act like an adult. I learned about personal boundaries and what's okay to say and not to say in public. I learned a lot about how to function in society, but I knew I'd never be useful. As time went on, it became clear to me that I only had one skill, one thing I was good at.I asked some difficult questions about zoning laws, and what's legal where. I bribed a pony with a hoof job, that's 5 bits, to write a sign for me, and take me to a place where I could do what I was good at, but not be near too many ponies. There have been lot's of mean ponies. But not all of them are bad. Every few days I can usually get a customer for something. Somepony brought me a box to live in, that was nice. They pretended to just throw it away, but I know better. It's difficult to throw something like that away on a sleeping mare without waking her up.Ponies still touch me, they still make me do things that make me think of Daddy. They still make me flinch and hate myself. But they do it on my terms. Those are my prices. I can be bargained with, or haggle, but I get to make a decision on it. And that's what's important. It's hard, some days I spend the whole day thinking about what an awful pony I am. I am a mud pony that lives in the mud, and I do dirty things. That was yesterday. I hated myself. I was hungry and sad. I think I know why Daddy killed himself. Yesterday I was thinking about how life is just awful, and everything is suffering. I was thinking about doing what Daddy did. I'm good at one thing. And I hate it. It makes me feel sick inside, but it's all I have to trade.Earlier, I was crying because I had been thinking of Daddy. I thought of daddy when you made me finish. You know, I tried to get away. I was scared for a moment. But then you made me cum. Just like Daddy used to.- - - Holy hell. Mother of flying fuck. Well, at least you know something that holds true between dimensions. The better in bed they are, the more fucked up they are. What the heck are you going to do now?	The curiosity finally gets the better of you. You have to know. “So... how do you know, know what colors look like?”She actually smiles as she responds. That's better than you expected, honestly. “Colors are difficult. I guess I think of colors as attributes of things.” She pauses for a moment to collect her thoughts. “Like the sky. I know the sky is blue. So when I think of blue, I think of the sky. It's high above me, somewhere I can never reach.” Her eyes close, and she seems to be imagining something. “Light and airy. I can feel it sometimes when I'm outside and it reaches down to touch me. Maybe a cold breeze or gentle wind. Those things are blue to me.” Her eyes open, and she settles on her neutral face. “I also know the sky is pretty. It's beautiful, something that I will never be.” She seems a little distant when she talks about the color blue. Perhaps it's a secret dream of hers.Her nose wrinkles up and she frowns. “Unlike Brown. Brown is my color. It's the color of my coat, and the color of my mane.” She seems sad and a little angry, but she keeps talking.  “Brown is the color of dirt. I stand in dirt, and live in dirt.” She picks up her hoof and puts it in front of her face as though she's inspecting it with her nose. “Anything around my hooves is brown. Brown is hard and gritty. Sometimes it's squishy. Sometimes it smells bad. When I think of brown, I think of myself and mud. I'm dirt, so brown is all I will ever be.” You frown as well. She doesn’t seem to like brown.“There are other colors, too. That's where everypony else lives. I live beneath the blue and in the brown. Everybody else live in between, above the brown. Some of them even in the blue.” She turns her head skyward, even though you’re indoors.“Colors like red. Red means pain and suffering, blood is red. But that's life, pain and suffering, so life is red, too. Ponies I meet are mostly red. Some are red and pink. Pink is what our fur less parts are. Tongues, cocks, pussies, these are pink. Pink is…  well, pink is when ponies touch me. It's when they make me feel sex. It’s squishing and groaning, pushing and happy sighs. Sometimes I like pink. Sometimes I want pink. Sometimes I don't, but pink is like red; it’s just another part of life. So most ponies I meet are some mix of pink and red.” She runs a hoof down her side, thinking with her body. “There's more colors ponies can be though. Orange is the color of a fruit, oranges, and they're sweet and juicy. Orange things are nice things. They smell nice and taste nice. You feel orange to me. Orange, pink, and maybe a little red. You're... nice.” She leans in and sniffs you, just to be sure you’re still there. You’ve been holding your breath, and she seems content before she continues. “Anyways, I can't see colors, but I know colors. Everypony else is some mix of colors. I'm just brown. Dirty, and filthy.” She settles down again, lost in her own thoughts.You’d never really considered this all before, but it does explain some of her behavior. And if that was what she knew, was it wrong? You suppose a little confusion is what you get for asking a blind mare about colors. At least now you can see yourself through her eyes, or her lack thereof. A stray thought occurs to you. Maybe you should let her know about chocolate?      You felt nothing but agonizing pain.You let out a hiss through your clenched teeth and pushed your head back into the pillow as Flitter lifted your bad leg and placed it on a snow cloud she had brought in from outside. The freezing temperature of the cloud itself did help to numb the ailing limb. You did your best to relax your muscles as the frigid numbing effect began to do its work, eventually allowing you relief from the anguish that your knee joints were feeling."Thank you..." You sighed, finally able to close your eyes and share in the brief respite."You're welcome." Flitter replied in something of a bashful giggle. She slowly backed away from the side of the guest bed on which you were sprawled out; she seemed like she was looking you over, her face focused with a raised brow and a tilted head. After about ten seconds, she nodded contentedly to herself."Wait, what was that?" You asked with a curious smile on your scrunched muzzle."...Just making sure you'll be okay before I leave." She said with a sigh, her tone almost sounding sad.For the time you've known her, you'd always hated when she sounded that way. Acting automatically, you immediately tried to cheer her up. "Hey, don't you worry. I'll be fine." You reassured her as you confidently joined your forelegs behind your head. You also made the critical error of attempting to cross your back-legs, resulting in a grimace involuntarily gluing itself to your muzzle. Much to you misfortune, Flitter knew exactly what had happened and leaned forward with her forelegs reached out to help you, but she lowered them when she realized that there was really not much she could do other than stand by and let you recover from the results of your own stupidity."Yeah... I'm sure you will." She said, staring at you with a deprecated frown."Oh Come on, it's not like your sister'll be here any minute to make sure I don't find a better way to 'kill myself.'" You said, both your statement and your tone drenched in sarcasm. The running "kill yourself" gag was getting very old; in fact, to you, it had started out old. The whole thing had started when Nurse Redheart had asked you how you had torn your Anterior Cruciate Ligament so badly, and rather than waiting for your explanation, she merely made an offhand suggestion that you find a more effective method of suicide. It was gut-bustingly funny to everyone, everyone except you. Its insufferable ability to make ponies laugh would not end today though, as Flitter instantly began chuckling at the comment you'd just made."Just please... please don't do anything crazy until Cloud gets back, okay?" She begged with her signature, irrefutable puppy dog eyes. It was a very cheap move that was known for rendering any of its victims completely pliable to her every whim. Fortunately for you, it had become equally as effective on you as your suicide gag, so you wouldn't have had too much trouble arguing with the adorable mare.Still, you at least had some tact within you. "Fine..." You muttered, huffing to yourself as you crossed your fetlocks with a grumpy scowl.Your rather pathetic display of discontented anger did not seem to deter your overly-cute foe. "D'aaww! Don't be like that." She said, drawing closer and nuzzling your neck. It sent a magnificent tingle down your spine anytime she (or Cloudchaser for that matter) would do that, and it never failed to bring a blush to your cheeks. You readily, if conservatively, returned her nuzzle, at least making sure that you weren't the only one with a scarlet tint to your face."Alright," You finally said after the short embrace "now you get out of here, or you'll be late for work." Pushing on her Cutie Mark in the direction of the doorway, she at last conceded to your efforts. She and her sister both worked on the local weather team in part-time shifts, Cloudchaser working the morning shift, and Flitter working the afternoon. Neither the afternoon shift leader, Cloudkicker, nor the Mayor looked very kindly on tardiness; so there was at least some urgency to what you'd said. Not all of it was just to get her out of the house all the sooner. She looked back at you one last time and gave you a soft, ginger smile before disappearing around the corner with a hushed "Goodbye."Your ears were perked up covertly as you waited for the sound that told you that you were indeed home-free; Slam! and that was your cue. You wasted no time in spinning carefully on your flank and placing your good back-leg onto the cold wood floor. You then took your time, rocking your body back and forth several times to gain some momentum before throwing both your front hooves onto the wooden flooring with a loud Thump! You winced, taking in a short flare of pain as your knee joints kindly asked you to be a tad more gentle with them.You, a (normally) healthy grown stallion, didn't hold so well with the idea of being baby sat; so the time between Flitter going to work and Cloudchaser coming home from it was a blessing to your sanity never to be taken for granted. You were usually able to move wherever you wanted around the house for at least half an hour before Cloudchaser got home, for you had made sure to time it a fair three times before you made your first attempt at wandering around. The first time you did this, you were paranoid beyond belief, your ears cautiously standing, your eyes wide and overly-alert, each hair on your body on-end, but after the first time jitters, you began to relax; and after a few relaxing times, the house basically became your own. You knew every nook and cranny in the place like the flat of you hoof, including a few naughty little secrets that these two lovely sisters kept under lock and key.Flitter's secrets were all in her diary; her secret was her diary. A veritable treasure trove of little tidbits from why she wore the bow on her head every single time she went out, to the fact that she did indeed have a not-so-small crush on you. The diary's oeuvre went on to rant about how Cloudchaser had utterly ruined her life by inviting you to live under their roof, claiming that her apparently unethical sister had done it out of sheer revenge for the April Foal's day prank she'd successfully pulled on her last year. It made you chuckle out loud just thinking about the whole fiasco. Concerning more about her crush, the loaded little book had gone into excruciating detail about another aspect of Flitter, one that you would rather never have known.Flitter's "fetish" in the bedroom, was evidently being dominated.It was suffice to say that the things you had read about in her diary, especially her fantasies concerning you, had disturbed you greatly, considering most of them were all the shamefully virile things she wished so dearly you would do to her. It was enough to make you close the book, turn around, walk silently out of her room, and go back to your bed with a whole fifteen minutes left before Cloudchaser's return. To this very day, you still had yet to regather enough courage to read another word of that accursed book, for her sexual fantasies had even kept you awake at night sometimes.Of course, Flitter wasn't the only one with dirty secrets. Cloudchaser didn't have many, in fact, you'd only so far found two, (Not including her downright bizarre selection of music. Seriously, that mare had some strange tastes.) but Oh how enormous they were! The first one, was a large, shiny, incriminating black dildo locked safely away in her nightstand. It had taken you quite some time and a fair share of alone-times to find the key to the nightstand, but in your searchings for the key, you discovered her second secret: The entire lower drawer of her dresser was filled to the top with nothing but the most risque lingerie sets you had ever laid eyes on. To make that an even better find, was that the key had been nestled under all of the panties to these sets, hidden from anyone's sight.Cloudchaser's fetish in the bedroom appeared to be "dressing for the occasion."Recalling all this, you limped attentively downstairs through the living room, thinking back through all the rude, immature things you had done when the two sisters were not around. It ate away at you with guilt. It made you feel like an absolute creep, but the temptations of living in a house with two very attractive mares unrelated to you were simply too great to resist. That paired with how little you had known them before they took you in, made the proposition of learning about them through their belongings unable to be passed up. Surely any other pony would understand.You eventually got to the kitchen with minimal pain levels and set about making your own damned food! You had always had a stalwart saying derived purely from experience: "If I or my mother didn't make it, I don't trust it." It had been unadulterated torture to eat the food the twins made for you. Flitter, seeing as how she bore an eccentric crush on you, could have put anything she wanted into your meals at any time she wanted, and Cloudchaser, Celestia love her, just flat-out could not cook. You casually pulled out a frying pan and softly placed it on the stove, shuddering at the mere memory of Cloudchaser's attempt at scrambled eggs. The dish was more akin to breakfast cereal due to the sickening Crunch sound it made when being chewed. Still, you'd bitten that bullet before. You had never not eaten what she'd put in front of you, and it was something that you were quite proud of.You decided to focus on your own cooking rather than the memory's of the past three weeks with the mares, you didn't want to ruin the one meal of the day you could eat without fear or gagging.You felt miserable, but of all the pains in the world, none of them felt better than the pain of a full stomach.In the past twenty minutes, you had both created and consumed more randomly prepared eggs and toast than any one pony should ever eat in a day, let alone in one sitting. You were now flopped torpidly on the living room cloud couch, waiting ever so patiently to gain the strength to get up and get back upstairs to your guest bed. However, the irresistible comfort of that cloud couch was making the task of leaving it quite a difficult feat. You cracked a comatose eye open to give the clock a quick peek, only to find that it would be a good twenty minutes before Cloudchaser walked through the door that was no more than a few feet from the end of the couch. More happy than you should have been with how much time you had left, you tucked your hooves behind your head and relaxed into the cloud couch.A few more minutes of lazying about couldn't hurt, right?WrongNot two minutes after you'd decided to plant your lazy bones on the couch was the door forcefully kicked open by a Cloudchaser that looked like she'd just come back from the seventh layer of Tartarus, nearly startling you out of your skin. Her normal, "organized chaos" type mane was now just "chaos," her askew lavender fur was matted to her body by what you hoped was water, and she was breathing as hard as a race horse after the Grand Prix. Her face was not one of anger; it was actually more of tired relief... That was, until her eyes locked onto you, then it was just surprise.Not wanting the silence to cause you to go deaf, you tried striking up a conversation."...Afternoon," You grimaced self-consciously as soon as the words left your mouth, for her face had gone straight from shock, to surfeited annoyance at the sound of your voice."What... are you doing... downstairs? How did you even... get down them with--with your leg?" She asked, panting heavily between her words. Her condition had given you some good stalling ammo; so, without  a single thought, you tried to pin her as the subject of the conversation. "Why do you look like you've been in an oven for the past hour?" You asked in an deflective tone. Your plan sort of backfired on you when she kept her cool under what little pressure you could apply to her."Gym... My shift got canned, so I just flew over there to burn off a few calories from breakfast time." She said calmly with a stretch, now just starting to catch her breath. In hind sight, you don't really know what you were thinking; she was almost always that laid back under any circumstance. Perhaps it was because you weren't thinking at all at the time. The odor of her sweat was almost overpowering, and it was shocking to you because of how far she was away from you, which was to say a good ten feet. You could almost see the steam coming off her body! While most would find the scent somewhat repulsive, you could have actually liked it had it not been trying to suffocate you with how overbearing it was. You soon found that your mind was beginning to stray places it shouldn't due to the smell of the mare, recalling that collection of clothes she had stored away all too well. You found yourself growing red in the face with the image of Cloudchaser in the debauched clothing while you were breathing in her pungent natural aroma."Hello? You okay?" Her sudden words of concern snapped your mind back to your body, but left you with a very unpleasant warmth in your ears and face... and crotch."What?" You asked dumbly, genuinely not knowing how else to respond at the time."I said 'Now it's your turn to answer my questions: How did you get down here?'" She asked whilst tapping an impatient, slightly overexerted hoof."I walked... I am not a paraplegic you know." Your impromptu response had sounded more deadpanned than you thought. "Well, why did you get out of bed? Redheart told you to rest as much as possible.""Yeah, as much as possible." You repeated her words with more significance. "I was hungry."Cloudchaser rolled her eyes with an snigger at your display, she always seemed to have a larger-than-average funny bone in her. "Well, I'm sure Flitter will get a real kick out of 'I was hungry,' won't she?" The mare asked, a cruelly mischievous grin plastered to her face."You wouldn't!" You half-yelled, now staring at her with an indignant glower. Would she really do such a thing to you?"Hmm... I seem to remember you bruising my left wing during a game a couple months ago, and I can't seem to remember if my April Foal's day prank worked on you or not..."She would, that was abundantly clear to you now. The prank that she'd tried to pull was putting an earth worm in your sandwich, the same sandwich you had compassionately gave to Thunderlane who had forgotten his lunch that day. Thunderlane had yet to say he forgave you or Cloudchaser for that little misunderstanding, and rightly so. The poor git chomped right into it on the first bite.Your panicking mind began to race, trying to come up with some way to stop her from telling Flitter, and possibly damning you to spend twenty-four hours a day under the close watch of a mare with an obsessive crush on you for Celestia knows how much longer. It was then that it hit you: You had plenty of ways to make sure Cloud kept her muzzle shut."Alright then... Tell her." You spoke with an air of confidence, a cocky smile now plastering your face. So unexpected was this display, that it caused Cloud to give you a questioning look, and you just couldn't resist telling her then and there. "I guess the weather team wouldn't mind finding out about a certain pony's lingerie sets they keep in the bottom drawer of their dresser." You said closing your eyes, kicking back as you nestled into the fluffy cloud couch.You kept your eyes shut for just for a bit, wondering why the mare hadn't started begging or questioning you on how you had gotten your knowledge yet. She could very well have punched you in the face, but it was a risk you were willing to take just to savor the moment. It was then that you were hit by that same tang of the mare's perspiration, only this time much more potent. So potent in fact, that you almost gave a choked cough. Not able to wait any longer to see how she'd taken it, you opened your eyes, only for your field of vision to be totally filled by nothing but a pair of large, angry-looking purple eyes. You almost jumped, but you knew you'd just knock heads with the mare now in your face. Greeted by this, you decided to approach it calmly and intelligently."Hi...""How... do you know... about my stuff?!" She yelled directly into your ears. You gave them a quick, irritated rub before responding. Cloudchaser had always struck you as the type of pony never to give a flying feather what anyone else thought of her or anything about her, but you could understand how much of a touchy subject that might be to her."Does that matter? All that matters is if your willing to tell Flitter or not." You replied softly, gently pushing Cloudchaser's forehead away from yours with a hoof. You were able to get her away enough to get into a sitting position. Though, sitting was rather painful to you and your leg, you still kept a collected face. "You say nothing, I say nothing.""Fine!" She growled, muttering lividly to herself as she walked into the kitchen, head held low like a predatory feline. "You better not have touched my other stuff." She seethed in a deadly warning, not knowing just how much you had already seen.Against your better judgement, you decided to play around with the sensitive information you had. After all, she did try to make you eat an earth worm for what you'd already told her was an accident. "Oh, I'm afraid it's a bit late for that, Cloudy." You said with an air of prideful accomplishment. The mare you'd just addressed marched right back into the living room, wearing an expression that held almost nothing but rage. The other emotion you saw, incredibly, was a hint of fear."What, is that supposed to mean?" She asked cautiously, sitting herself down on the floor a few feet in front of you. Cloudchaser's pheromones returned with her presence in full force, inadvertently causing your mind to wander off again. You made the mistake of allowing the less-than-savory thoughts to grow in the back of your mind while your fore-frontal focus remained on the conversation."In the time that you two trade shifts on the weather team to come home to watch me like a prisoner, I was able to... learn about you." You said with an evil smirk, the fear in Cloudchaser's eyes becoming more and more noticeable to you as you continued. "I know that you're no filly-fooler, that's for sure.""How did you find my... thing!? I had the drawer locked!" She questioned loudly, her wings flaring violently. The act of untucking her wings had unleashed the heat that had built up there, making her musk all the more powerful, and you could swear it made it sweeter as well. It may have been your mind playing heartless tricks on you at this point. She was obviously embarrassed, but all your inner brain was doing was picturing Cloud in all of those vulgar ensembles she had. It was making it exceedingly difficult to focus on anything else."I found the clothes and the key in one go." You answered absently as you rubbed at your snout, sounding very distracted. The testosterone level in your bloodstream was going crazy! you were even finding it hard to keep your sheath closed at this point. "So, in actual fact, the tables have turned. I've got double the dirt you had on me; so just give me one good reason why I shouldn't spill the beans around Ponyville."You could not believe you had just said that. Your mind had overthrown everything else within you, including your moral center. Not only this, but it also seemed like it had a plan, a plan that, given the cost, you had no desire to go along with."What?! I--I've done nothing but help you for the past three weeks, and now you're blackmailing me!?" She asked in a tone that truly sounded hurt. "I know you said 'prisoner' earlier, but we've been doing our best to let you have your privacy, something you apparently haven't done for us!" The Pegasus mare fumed.What she said was absolutely right in every way imaginable. You'd had enough of whatever had possessed you to say such a thing to an innocent pony you'd come to call a friend, yet your perverted mind still fought to keep what ground it had conquered. Once again against your better judgement, you ended up grudgingly allowing it to remain semi-dominant in your thoughts, causing you to say something that you only half-supported. "W... Well... I'm not blackmailing you; I was just wondering what you'd be willing to do to keep my mouth shut.""Anything!" She shouted fitfully as soon as you'd finished. "Sweet Celestia! I'd never be allowed near Rumble ever again! I could even get fired for something like that!" The mare ranted as she rang her hooves together nervously in her lap, no doubt picturing the horror behind her words. Both Cloudchaser and Flitter had always viewed babysitting Thunderlane's younger brother, Rumble, as a sacred privilege; that foal meant more to her than all the bits in the Royal Sisters' treasury. You knew that her last statement was a bit of an over-exaggeration, but you feared her concerns about Rumble were probably well-founded. It was then, right before you were about to call the whole thing off, apologizing profusely for what you threatened to do, that your mind showed you the culmination of its plan. It was perverted, but not too perverted. It was mean, but not too mean. In fact, maybe she'd even enjoy it. It at least seemed worth a try, what with how much her scent was driving you insane."Any... thing?" You asked her cautiously, eyeing her warily."Anything!" She begged. Well... she did say "anything," right?"How 'bout this: You give me a little... private show with that 'collection' of yours, and we never speak of this to anypony ever again." You were being a Flankhole, an unprecedented flankhole. You felt horrible, cruel, and ruthless, but your perverted mind just couldn't stop twisting and turning on you. Every second you spent inhaling Cloudchaser's intense pheromones bade your crotch to ache for more. Surely she'd forgive you later after you confessed to her why you did this, but for now, your mind (And another organ in your body that was thinking by this point) just had to see her behind in those beautifully sexy outfits."Are... are you serious?" She asked, but it didn't seem like she was put out by the proposition, just a bit incredulous. "That's all you want?" So, that's why she sounded like that. She was really going to enjoy this. "Well, why the buck didn't you just say so from the beginning?!""I... you know... I Thought you were saving those for a special somepony. I didn't think you'd just put them on for me.""You really think that having a weather stallion in the house is easy when you've been single for over six months?" She spoke with a tone you recognized; it was a tone of desperation, if as well as agitation. Her confidence however, had returned to her, the same confidences that you'd seen in her the day she offered her and her sister's home to you. Needless to say, it only served to make you more hot and bothered in your lower regions. "Besides, I've actually been wanting to break those bad colts in for awhile now." She added giving you a feisty smirk."Well, you've just got to know how easy it is to spend weeks under the same roof as two single, gorgeous mares, right?" You shot back at her, your question oozing with rhetorical sarcasm. "...especially when one of them happens to own a wagon-load of kinky crap that she's not afraid to use?" She got to her hooves and walked over to the couch, finding a spot more on you than next to you."Awww, why you poor thing." Here's something you didn't expect so quickly. She'd cooed those words in a soft tone that was positively dripping in sexuality. She planted a small kiss on your ear, making you shiver and shudder before she got up and started heading towards upstairs. "But could I grab a quick shower before our little 'private show?' I kinda stink.""Absolutely..." You paused, but she didn't know it was a pause. She was smiling happily until you finished. "...not." The look on her face would have had you in stitches at any other time, but right now, you were being dead serious. "Really? You want me to smell like this during it?""I like it." The words were out of your mouth and into her ears before you could even think about stopping them, yet by the new look now adorning her face, you'd happened to touch the right nerve."Oh, really?" She asked, keeping up the sensual inflection in her feisty voice. "So your one of those stallions that likes his mare down and dirty, huh?" Her voice was becoming as much of a drug as her scent, and it was boosting your hormones to an insatiable level. "Well, it's nice to know you'd do me anytime." She spoke as she sauntered back towards you. You had always thought her hips natural sway was intoxicating, but when she was adding to it, she made it impossible to take your eyes off of her stunning rear-end."Don't you need to go change?" You asked through an impressed simper, trying to be as playful as you could with her. She didn't stop until she was right in front of you, inebriating you with her very being. She placed her forehooves on either side of you, trapping you right in front of her (as if you'd want to move away.) She then craned her head down to where her mouth was right next to your ear before whispering."I'm gonna make this a private show you'll never forget." She spoke needingly as she reached behind you with a nonchalant hoof. Her voice so close to your ear made you shiver for a second time, prolonging the unbelievably teasing sensation especially when she gave it a slow, lecherous lick along its edge, exhaling her hot breath into it. When she pulled away from you, she was holding a small, dark blue blanket in her hoof, which she then started to tie around your eyes. No longer in the trance she'd just put you in, you began to realize your surroundings, and how dark they were becoming. "Just lay back and relax." She cooed reassuringly as she all but blindfolded you. Your whole rib-cage had not stopped trembling from when she had given your ear that lick, and it showed no signs of stopping anytime soon. This situation was all so surreal to you; it already felt too good to be true. "You can take it off when I say, okay?" You nodded weakly, finding your throat had become as dry as sand.Just like that, her hooves left your sides, leaving you alone, blind, and comparatively cold with nothing but your ears to give signals of her whereabouts. You decided to follow her orders and try to relax. You did your best to lay back against the cloud couch and assume the position you'd been in before she showed up, but try as you might, you just could not seem to stop the endless, tormenting tingles that bolted up and down your spine. The faint, untelling sounds didn't help either, you heard Cloud come and go out of the living room about three times before all sound ceased. The tingles of anticipation were nearly killing you now. The silence had made it so you could hear your own bones rattling. You sat there in nothing but quiet for over a full, agonizing two minutes before you heard Cloudchaser's hooves walking slowly down the stairs again. They stopped right in front of you, and you felt as though you just couldn't handle much more teasing suspense. You figured it was okay to take the blindfold off anyway. However, as you reached to undo your blinder, two soft, and slightly sticky hooves quickly stopped you."Not yet, come on." Cloud's silken voice almost deafened you due to her mouth being next to your ear again. Again you nodded silently, once again under her trance, and allowed the Pegasus mare to lead you by your hoof. Not having your sight made you uneasy to say the least, but in short, it excited you all the more at the same time. The trek lead out of the living room, up the stairs, and to the left.Your mind had gone blank; it might as well have been mush by this point, for you couldn't remember what the door to the left opened up into. The only real clue to you, was the sound of a ceiling fan spinning. It eventually rang an old, rusted bell inside your head, but it wasn't enough to tell you the room. Cloud lead you only a few more feet, before gently pushing you onto your haunches. You landed haphazardly on a bed, and suddenly your mind wasn't so blank anymore.You were in Cloudchaser's room, now behind a closed door."Okay..." You heard her whisper as she nuzzled you. "When I say, you can take the thing off, alright?" You nodded for a third time. Why couldn't you speak? She'd rendered you speechless. It was as if you had no tongue at all. Her hooves slowly trailed down your sides and left you again, and you heard her trot over to the another corner of the room. You then heard the distinct click of a button being pushed, and a whole new sound began to fill the room. Already you could tell it was one from her trippy music selection, and judging by its hook, it was probably one of Sapphire Shores' more warped performances. The music itself was not exactly unwelcome, but it was such a strange tune to your now sensitive ears."Okay, open those eyes, baby."Did she really just say that? You pulled the blindfold off with gusto, only to be greeted by a rotating light show capable of giving a pony with epilepsy a fit. Fortunately, not having epilepsy, your eyes were able to adjust to the blinking and flashing of what ever was making the room do this. Looking around for just a second, you saw that the room was mostly dark apart from the disco ball-like effect coming from the studded lamp on her nightstand, but you were able to make out Cloudchaser's bodacious form in front of you plain as daylight.The mare had picked out a pair of dark violet, lace stockings and panties to showcase first, and Oh Luna, did she know how to work her breathtaking curves! From arching her ravishing back, accentuating her mesmerizing rear, to flat out bending over till her chin touched the floor, erotically rubbing down her lower body for your viewing pleasure. She looked like a professional stripper. Your nose didn't fail to pick up the narcotic that was her natural perfume as she danced about wildly in her lacy apparel, flaring her ruffle-feathered wings to show off her toned barrel. She was definitely working up a new sweat for you. The more she danced before you, the harder it became to hold your sheath closed."How was this even a remotely good idea?" You thought to yourself. "I don't wanna get a hard-on in front of Cloud!" Your panic only made your senses more heightened. The music's unorthodox rhythm escalated, and Cloudchaser began the next teasing phase of her performance: Taking her undergarments off. Her purposely slow pace was agonizing to every aspect of your body. You simply wanted nothing more than to get up and jump on her, but not only did your morals hold their ground against your lewder thoughts, but you probably couldn't if you'd decided to with your bum leg. Cloud removing her socks one-by-one was one thing, but watching her cheekily place her tail over herself as she removed the panties with a devious smile at you was another matter entirely. She really knew how to torture her audience while still keeping them indelibly captivated; you had to give her that. At frequent moments, her tail would bounce and sway along with her impossibly enticing rump to the music's beat, giving you only small, fleeting glimpses of the treasure she so intentionally hid from you. Her cruel smile still on her face, she winked remorselessly at you as she kicked the violet panties to the side, her tail still tucked snugly between her hind legs.This was a terrible idea; of this you were certain. You were not quite sure why you had ever thought otherwise. You couldn't just start wanking off in front of her, could you? Your member was about to show itself to her anyway, for your sheath was rapidly beginning to lose ground as more and more blood flowed straight into it. It was then that you realized that her most cruel act had only just arrived: She began to put on yet another set of lingerie.You pinched your eyes closed and rubbed them hopelessly. You couldn't possibly outlast all the sets she owned! You'd sooner jump on her and ravage the poor mare where she lay. The word "poor" was immediately removed from your train of thought with great prejudice however, seeing as how she still bore that tortuous, seductive smile on her face as she pulled a white silken thong up tightly over her flank. She then began ignoring the pace of the music as she sauntered over to you, hips in full glorious sway. She came to a stop only when her muzzle was an inch from your own, her muzzle half-open due how winded she'd made herself. The two of you breathed in each others' hot, moist breath for a few long seconds before she turned one-hundred and eighty degrees around, and lifted her backside right into your lap."Go ahead, I know you wanna touch it." She panted her words as she lowered her head. This just couldn't be happening. Cloudchaser had just given you permission to grope her all you wanted. It was almost too much; your mind was reeling so quickly from surreal exhilaration that you didn't even move for the first initial seconds, seconds that Cloudchaser used to deliver a "massage" to you. She made a smooth grinding motion, sending her barely-clad flank nudging up against you aching crotch repeatedly. The indescribable feeling of the silken underwear, the damp matted fur, the warm sticky skin underneath it, and the lusty moan she released was far more than enough to break any hold you'd thus had on both your propriety and your sheath.The feeling of your phallus grinding up against her silky flank as it shot out of its scabbard was a feeling of pure bliss to you. You bit your lower lip to suppress a groan of you own, and you finally allowed your darker side to have its way with the luscious bum presented to you. Your strong hooves traced over her beautiful cheeks and Cutie Marks, sending shivers down the mare's spine. Cloudchaser's rump was well toned, but still just loose enough to make it soft and plushy to the light touch. It was the perfect rear for a mare who worked out regularly, for it still retained that subtle bounciness that almost all stallions craved from a mare. Your inner Incubus became more preeminent as your confidence was fed and fueled by each insignificant moan and gasp your heated partner released to you. With your confidence at its peak, you did something you'd secretly always wanted to do to a mare in this position.Your right hoof left her flank, and not a second later did it returned to her Cutie Mark in full force with a resounding Smack! Her moan was just shy of a shout, more out of sheer surprise than stimulation. At first, you thought that you might have hurt her, but when she lifted her head, craning it around to look at you, the carnal lust in her eyes made her words even more arousing."Oh dear Luna! D--do that again... please!"Her politeness was enough for you to reward her for it.Smack! She yipped at the sudden stinging sensation, lowering her head to the ground and raising her rump higher up your torso for you to play with. You quickly found a rhythm that she enjoyed. You would rub and massage an area on her butt for a few seconds, spank it, then deeply caress it again to relieve the stinging, careful to keep the pleasure in the action. To say Cloud liked this rhythm would have been the understatement of the year. Your harsh yet gentle ministrations had reduced this tomboyish mare into a quivering, moaning, gasping, writhing ball of musky-smelling fur. Her matted coat had formed a whole new wet sheen because of your toyings, and it succeeded in making her smell more heavenly to your hormone-fueled mind.A powerful ache in your crotch reminded you of your forgotten little friend, and that it did not take kindly to being ignored. Still, you admirably resisted the urge to clop, choosing rather to continue focusing all of your attention on the soft, squeezable Pegasus tush in front of you. You took the liberty of pulling her thong up her lower back so that it was only covering her most private parts, leaving her entire rump exposed to your longing touch. The white silk panties quickly grew a dark spot over her lush mound as you pulled them taught up against it, showing you that your actions were indeed well-loved by the mare of the moment. You then gave both of her cheeks another hard spank, turning them a slight shade of red, and making her howl in confliction between pleasure and pain.Seeing the little wet spot, and hearing her exquisite voice, you just couldn't resist any longer. You just had savor her with more of your senses. You lowered your head down to her haunches, your muzzle resting against her inner cheeks, deeply inhaling the delicious, musky perfume of both her sweaty rear and her leaking foal-maker. A barely-contained sigh managed to escape Clouds throat as you all but motor-boated her butt. Unable not to, you gladly gave into the urge to give the inner cheek next the white cloth a good, long licking, enjoying the salty taste of the damp skin underneath her fur. Cloud's gasps were as wonderful to your ears as her taste was to your tongue as you suckled on her tender flesh, and it made you take your brash actions a step further than you would have thought at first: Trailing your working mouth over to one of her plum cheeks slowly, you gave it a nice gutsy munch, your teeth only clamping down hard enough for her to know exactly what you did. Cloudchaser let out an adorable, shocked-sounding laugh when the unexpected sensation shot through her, her wings excitedly flapping a couple times. Her panting sounded like that of a dog's in estrus by this point, and you were starting to believe that she was just as turned on as you were.Her next action, though, showed you that she was perhaps a bit more turned on than you were.Before you could guess what she was doing, Cloudchaser pulled her behind from your lap, spun around, and jumped on you, pushing your back onto the bed's mattress and locking her muzzle hungrily with your own in the process. Her kiss was fiery, passionate, ravenous. Her lips mashed relentlessly against your own as her tongue pushed against your closed mouth, begging to be let inside to play. After you recovered from your surprise, an unforeseen wave of pain washed over you. In her spurred tackle, she must have bashed your knee in the wrong way, hard. You arched your back and clinched your teeth, giving a muffled cry in a useless attempt to stop the waves of pure agony that were spawning from your injury. As much as you loved the feeling of Cloud's hungering mouth on your muzzle, you needed to breath, and possibly to scream. As gently and passively as you could, you pushed Cloud over onto her side and gave an explanation for your actions as soon as you could speak."K--knee... hurt... Gimme a second." You panted as your hoof repeatedly smacked against the bedding in a feeble, useless effort to stave off the onslaught of pain. You hated to ruin the moment, but you couldn't have gone on with her in the pain that you were. You weren't the only one unable to go on while you were in pain, for Cloudchaser was surprisingly quick to ditch her massive sexual drive to care for you."Oh buck! I am so sorry!" Cloud said in more of a abraded whisper than an actual yell. "I'm such an idiot! I should have known to be careful with that!" Her ears drooped and her head lowered as she spoke; it was clear that she was already kicking herself in the side over it. Even though your knee was in an unfathomable amount of anguish, your heart hurt even more seeing her blame herself for one simple mistake.You bit back the pain as hard as it allowed as you rolled on top of the unsuspecting mare, pressing your lips against hers, but a lot more gently so than when she was leading. You also took it upon yourself to "ask" her if her tongue would come out to play with your own, and it only took a moment for her to answer "yes."You shifted around on top of the warm mare's body until you found yourself completely aligned with her. You tongues fought gallantly with each other for dominance and the rights to enter the mouth of the other pony. Through much effort, you won the fight, and you felt Cloudchaser melt underneath your body. Her plentiful saliva didn't taste much different than yours, but it was the mere fact that it was her's that made it arousing to you. You did your best to use your tongue to shovel as much of it as you could from her mouth into your's before breaking the kiss and swallowing."That wasn't your fault." You mumbled as you moved your salivating maw down to her neck. "Besides, a little pain isn't enough to stop me from showing my mare a good time." You spoke softly and confidently as you kissed and sucked at it fervently. The salty flavor of the skin under her fur and how taboo it was to seek out her unclean taste made your rod give out another painfully deprived throb."'Your mare,' huh?" She asked with a coquettish giggle, a breathy moan at your actions on her neck following her words. "Well, if I'm your mare, don't you think you've made me wait long enough for my main course?"Your member twitched in total agreement with her, but somehow your leg was holding you back. "I'm not sure if my knee can handle doing all the work." You said in a disappointed tone, ashamed that you were about to let it end here due to nothing more than a hurt limb. It was then that you felt a hoof lift your face up to hers, leaving you only when you two locked eyes. She peered into your eyes with a loving, almost romantic look in hers before leaning in to give your lips a long, pleasant peck, coming away with a determined smile."Who said I didn't like doing the all work?" She spoke through gorging lips, giving you such sultry stare that it would have made you weak at the knees had you still been standing. Without waiting for any kind of answer from you, she carefully finagled the two of you so that she laid atop you without bringing further harm to your affliction. The movement caused a spark to shoot up your leg from your knee joints, but you impressively kept it from any feature on your face.Screw pain, it could wait its damned turn."Wait... You sure we should do this without protection?" You asked, only just now remembering that you could end up being a very unsuspecting father if you did this without any proper "equipment.""I took the pill while you were blindfolded." Was her only answer as she sat up on your upper thighs. You watched with baited breath as she lifted herself off of you by several inches and positioned herself over your protruding stallionhood. She was as fast as greased lighting when removing the underwear from her reddened backside, and was just about to toss them carelessly aside when she suddenly stopped. She looked down at you with a deviant gleam."You know, since you seem to like my smell so much..." She shifted the thong in her hoof. "Why don't I give you a little treat?" You were a split second too late in making the connection between her words and actions. The same second you deduced what she meant, was the same second that her pantie-clad hoof planted itself firmly up against your unwary muzzle. Her essence-covered underwear smelled nearly as appetizing as her matted fur, but it was the crotch that was rubbing on your open mouth against your tongue that really caught your attention. The taste of Cloud's arousal on the silk was definitely not what you'd expected. The flavor was strange, tangy, and yet it contained small hits of salt within it. The first "food-related equivalent" your brain could register was a grapefruit that had been a tad seasoned, and though it seemed an acquired taste, it was becoming more and more pleasant the longer Cloud held her panties' crotch to your face. You were legitimately disappointed when Cloudchaser finally removed the silken delight from your face, tossing it to the far wall of the room."Enjoy that, did ya?" Cloudchaser's voice sounded different; it was no longer the calm, collected, laid-back weather mare you had known only minutes ago. In its place, was a mare that was thoroughly consumed by the fire of the moment, fueled by either larger-than-life lust, or spirited love. You were having a trying time telling which was which in the heart-melting bedroom eyes she gave you. She had been watching you snack away on her little "treat" the whole time you had done so, dissipatedly licking her lips at the heated sight. As a response to her previous question, you merely nodded. "Well..." Cloud then supported her upright body with her left hoof on the bed, reaching her right hoof back between her spread hind legs. You saw the hoof flex deeply into her mound, continually fiddling with herself as her eyes lost focus, nearly rolling back. "Who am I to deny you some more?" With those words accompanied by an shaky groan, Cloud pulled her hoof from her drooling folds and pushed it right into your panting mouth. Salted grapefruit: This would surely becoming your new favorite flavor of all time at this rate. The skin of her underhoof was as soft as her name, and it made her taste all the better to you. Your tongue swirled and licked with wild abandon, rigorously cleaning every inch of the dripping appendage as Chaser gave another groan at the arousing sight."Ugh, Buck all this foreplay; let's do this." Cloud pulled her hoof from your mouth and placed both hooves squarely at your sides. The enthusiastic mare shifted around only a bit more, making sure she was perfectly lined up with your fleshy, standing pike. "You ready?"You only nodded, once again losing your voice to the reality of the whole situation, its gravity slamming into you like a sledgehammer. This was it. You were about to make love with Cloudchaser, the mare that had quickly become a very good friend to you. Were you truly about to ruin it all now, all for just a horny whim?Cloudchaser didn't seem to think the same way you did, if her slamming down on your wood without the slightest hesitance was anything to go by.Instantly burying you within her to the hilt, Cloudchaser let out a short, unprepared scream as she took your entire member in one go, her wings flared out like bars of iron, and her face scrunched up in an intense cacophony of feelings. You weren't really focused on her face though, more on the feeling that had enveloped your stallionhood. It was wet, like a soaked sponge that was able to squeeze the moister from itself at will. It was warm, like a blazing hearth fire had been channeled at the whole of you pelvis. The third, most prevalent feeling was by far the best: Tightness. Her love tunnel's grip on you felt like it was trying to crush your phallus in a tube of dampened silk. The three feelings put together into one was absolutely amazing, and the smell of her sweat mixing with her arousal that permeated the room formed a fragrance that you never wanted to stop inhaling.The mare above you continued to sit on your tool, the only movement was that of her genitalia. It gripped and squeezed involuntarily at the intruder within it, attempting to get used to the feeling. You made no complaints about it, the sensation of a thousand different tiny muscles all shifting around was a brilliant feeling to you. However, the feeling was very quickly becoming a large tease. You bucked upward into her without really thinking about it, not only ending up agitating your knee, but you got an uncomfortable-sounding exclamation from Cloudchaser."H--Aah! Wait! Hold it, please." She chattered in a rather weak voice. She clearly seemed to be regretting her earlier action of bottoming out right from the start. Cloud's breathing was noticeably labored and her burning face had yet to relax. "It feels... f--it's bigger than it looked..." She stammered out with a pathetic-sounding chuckle as she placed a hoof to her lower stomach, pushing on it lightly in various areas. "Hey, if you p-push... right here, you can f-feel it; go ahead." She said, dragging your hoof over to a specific area on her stomach. All it took was a small prod for you to feel your own hoof just faintly applying pressure to your rod through her. She gave into a body-wracking shudder at both the thought and sensation, but unfortunately for you, you couldn't tell if the shudder was caused by pain or pleasure.You felt horrible for her, considering how much sure pleasure you were already feeling. You reached up and tenderly massaged her shoulders in a silent apology for your overzealous actions. She closed her eyes, her contented sighing a certain sign that it was working. Nuzzling into one of your working hooves, one of hers began idly rubbing one of your fetlocks as she smiled affectionately down at you. After she felt a little more comfortable, she then leaned down and kissed you.You were just fine with waiting on her. The two of you made out for an undetermined length of time, and you were just glad to be enjoying the simplicity of the act. Your tongues danced in tandem at first, but after some time, Cloudchaser decided she wanted a rematch of you two's last tongue-scuffle. Being on the bottom, it was difficult to gain ground on her as she dug into you, but your muscle ended up being overall bigger and stronger than hers. You won again, and you took your time exploring her mouth for a second time. She gave out an annoyed groan as you did so, but you could detect pleasure in the sound she made.The kiss broke after you traced her gum-line, the both of you huffing and panting as you stared into her eyes. Her breath washed over your face as the her stare remained unbroken, but when you smiled a goofy grin, she lost the staring contest with a laugh. "Come on, I wanna to do some exploring too, ya know." She pouted as she drooped her ears."You can explore me when you wear me out." You said as you snuggled closer to her, nuzzling her blushing cheek. When next you looked, Cloud's eyes had regained all their previous libido at those challenging words."Okay, I gotcha." She raised her body back into a sitting position, causing you to squirm from the stir of still being inside her while she moved. "Let's see who gives out first." She lifted her soaked crotch off of yours; your member had almost left the confines of her outer folds before she came slamming back down. She moaned fervidly while you grunted at the rugged feelings the action caused, but she was just getting started.Cloudchaser was relentless, bounce after bounce, grind after grind, and slam after violent slam. Each time she went back up, only your most upper part remained inside of her as you felt the base of your member twitching insistently, begging to be welcomed back into her snug vice. No movement of hers was ever subtle in the least. Each time she took you back in-full, by the Goddesses you knew it. She was a master at being the lead in the bedroom; there was no doubt about that. However, there was one thing that the mare forgot to take into account: Wear-and-tear on your injury. Just as the pleasure you experienced increased, so too did the dull ache you felt in that region, and as she sped up, the less dull that ache became. Cloud kept on riding you, ignorant of the turmoil your nerve endings were in, trying desperately to get you to reach your peak, but the pain was keeping you in a tortuous limbo of pre-orgasm. Though it was true that it's much more difficult for a mare to achieve orgasm than a stallion, your inability to finish was evening the playing fields quite effectively.The battle waged on in your favor, but after a while, it almost seemed like the pain was winning out. Your whole knee was once again throbbing in agony, the vehement sex dulling it to the best of its vast ability. The poor harassed muscles around the joint begged you implicitly to stop, but you refused to end this before at least Cloudchaser could get off. Resigned to your fate of not being able to reach your long-awaited peak, you began to thrust up to meet her. It doubled the pleasure, but it tripled the pain. Your brain had never felt more confused in its life.Whilst you suffered in volatile confliction, Cloudchaser was having the time of her life. Her panted breathing was ragged and uneven, her wings were locked outward, and the syrupy juices from her leaking honey pot were soaking your pubic fur and beyond, coating nearly your entire pelvis in her scent-flooded fluids. You were sure you would smell like her for days. The sounds she made were the only music you heard, and the musky scent the both of you were creating together was one you would never forget. Over and over she moaned out your name in cries of unparalleled bliss, making you fight even harder to drive Cloud to her well-deserved climax.After all, why should the both of you go without your final step because of one, stupid hoofball injury?Then came something you had not expected. As your pain was rushing its way towards a point that was unbearable, your pleasure level was beginning to fight back to gain an even level with it. The legendary battle raging in your nervous-system was almost to the point of causing you to black out completely. The corners of your blurred vision were starting to darken from your brain being force-fed too many feelings, warnings, and messages. You shook your head side-to-side, trying hopelessly to stay awake just long enough to see your lover reach her pinnacle.It was when Cloudchaser was close to her breaking point that you felt it. Your own limit had been looming so close for so long, but perhaps your selflessness would reward you yet. Maybe, just maybe, Cloudchaser's orgasm would be the tiny push you so direly needed to send you over the edge as well. With something new towards which to strive, you bucked your hips up into her soaked flower as fast and as hard as you could, causing Cloud to let out an almost animalistic howl.The two of you entered your intercourse's final stretch with a fire in your hearts. Your head was losing track of the signals of most of your actions, including the signals your knee was giving. It even failed to register the tears falling past your ears, yet, even when the pain had largely left, freeing you from the abeyance between having any chance to reach orgasm and just passing out right then and there, Cloudchaser was still somehow able to beat you to the edge. Her mouth hung open in a silent shriek as her orgasm hit her like a tidal wave, no longer panting, and the muscles in her marehood started to really contract around you. The flow of her outpouring juices felt like magma on your sensitive shaft, and the seemingly constant flow was more than enough to finally get you to the finish line.Cloudchaser was sent into a whole new frenzied state by the feeling of your member releasing its burning, sticky load into her deepest depths. She gasped at first, as if choking on breath itself, but not long after did she release the breath in one of the loudest, most enchanting moans you'd ever heard. Her velvety glove flew into convulsions, constricting anything inside without mercy, doing its very best to milk your consummating rod for all of its seed. The mare's silken vice as well as her belly continued to writhe and flex with surprising strength as it felt as though it was attempting to pull your member directly into her precious womb. The power in her abdominal region was impressive; her clamping muscles didn't allow for a single drop of your sperm to escape from her quivering, deprived oven.Then, just as suddenly as the climax had begun, it stopped, and so too did all of time for the two of you. Cloudchaser's only action after coming down from her towering high was to lay down on your chest, her spent form resting on top of you, her head cuddled in the crook of your neck. After that, the two of you took a very needed rest, basking in the heavenly afterglow. Your organ was still buried within hers, and it was something you didn't want to change. The smell of hot, rough sex still hung heavy in the air, but it was a scent you thoroughly enjoyed. The feeling of pain was returning quickly, and you knew as soon as it had fully done so that you were most likely going to go unconscious because of it. In spite of that, you still never wanted this moment to end. You were truly content to savor a few more minutes with the dreaming mare on top of you before you fell asleep as you wrapped your hooves around her lovingly and pulled her in close to you. The feeling of her fur mixing with yours relaxed you; it made your chest feel warm and fuzzy from the inside out.As the soreness in your knee turned to unabated misery, you noticed that Cloudchaser's breathing had turned rhythmic. She had fallen asleep in your arms. In spite of the pain, You were happy, and no matter if the pain knocked you out, you were just glad that Cloud had derived as much pleasure as she'd given to you. With everything right with the world, you snuggled all the closer to her, settling in and closing your eyes as sleep finally took you.Your body felt numb, and considering your injury, that was probably a good thing.You could feel a nice soft bed underneath you, and your ears could pick up the faint, soothing hiss of running water in a nearby bathroom. Groggy from your nap, you slowly opened your eyes, half expecting to be back home, but as your foggy eyes traversed the bare white ceiling, you soon realized that your bedroom didn't have a dark wood ceiling fan, at least the last time you checked. It then hit you that you should not be at your house, and you briefly wondered why you would've even thought such a thing. No, you had been in the guest bedroom of the house of the two Pegasus sisters. You had been for the last three, long weeks, and yet, you couldn't seem to remember a ceiling fan spinning in that room either. You wracked your tired brain, desperate to try and remember what room in the sisters' home had a wooden fan in it. Your battered mind felt like mush, and no matter how ardently you tried, you just couldn't recall the presence of any ceiling fan.Your sore eyes closed again as you proceeded to rub the sleep from them, yawning cavernously as you did so. The sound of running water stopped as you were yawning, and you figured that one of the two had just gotten done in the shower. You sluggishly craned your neck over to look at the clock on the nightstand, then gathering that it was four o' clock in the afternoon. You had no idea how long you'd been out, but seeing as how the season was late autumn, the sun should have been starting its descent soon. Flitter should still be at work for at least another half hour, so the one in the shower had to be Cloudchaser."Wait... Cloudchaser..."A very familiar tingle in your genital region was all it took to bring back a roiling tempest of memories regarding your location, and the circumstances as to why you were there. Cloudchaser was the only one in the house who had a room with a ceiling fan, and your last memory before your "nap" was one that couldn't possibly be true. "That couldn't really have happened, could it?" You thought to yourself as a mild panic began to set in, the bathroom door to your left was casually opened, revealing the Pegasus of your musings. Her ice-colored mane was wet; it cascaded down along her back, bereft of the firm-hold hairspray she used so often to transform it into its usual organized chaos. The only sign of her mane's former style in fact, was a single, adorable little alfalfa sticking straight up between her ears. Her lavender coat shimmered in the light streaming through the window, the black, dimming drapes she'd put over it before leading you into the room blindfolded having now been removed. You may have been grossly overreacting, but you could swear you saw a halo above her head as she spread her newly-preened wings, smiling angelically at you."Enjoy your nap?" Cloudchaser's calm, smooth voice alighted on your ears, causing you to blush heavily before you could even think of anything to say."Uhhh... Yeah, I guess." You barely managed to get that unintelligent fragment out under your hypnotized stupor. You felt butterflies going to town on your stomach, as well as your heart fluttering in you chest. It made your breathing labored for what appeared to be no reason."You okay?" She asked with a small chuckle, her angelic smile becoming just a tad more cocky as she leaned against the bathroom door frame. After asking, she flipped what small portion of her mane was in front of her ears to her back, keeping her eyes locked on you the entire time. She had to have known by now just how much she was driving you nuts, and she was having way too much fun with it.Despite all that you knew had already happened between you two, you still felt ready to puke from your nerves. "I'm... I'm good." Still, you at least tried to "play it cool."  In a display of vested confidence, you leaned your head back into the pillow and crossed your back legs.You really needed to stop doing that in these types of situations.It was then that you felt all the pain from your time of pleasure with Cloudchaser come back with a furious vengeance. The normally dulled, sore, burning sensation in your knee now flaring up after your previous exertion had your whole leg feeling as though it were on fire, and you could do nothing to stop it. Your only visible action from Cloudchaser's point of view was your eyes turning to the size of dinner plates as every movement your body had been making seized up. The mare wasn't stupid. Having seen you try to cross your legs before, she knew it had just yielded similar results to all the other times you tried. You didn't think you'd ever seen the calm Pegasus move as fast as she did then, even on the hoofball field, for she was at your side looking over you in the blink of an eye."Oh no! When will you learn to stop doing that?" Cloudchaser's relief and cockiness were now replaced with confusion and, to a certain level, frustration, for there was really nothing she could do to help you either, other than to offer her hoof for you to squeeze. "Should I go get the pain killers?" She anxiously asked, holding out her hoof to you. While her words could have quite easily been taken as a joke at any other time, you could tell that she sincerely meant the question.You remained stalk-still, fearing that moving even a millimeter would make it worse, if that was even possible. You did nothing but nod to her as you slowly brought your hoof up to your mouth, eventually placing the unsteady appendage in your mouth to muffle the scream you'd been holding in, making it sound more like a loud, miserable groan. Your muscles locked as you shouted into your hoof, and in your desperation to dull the burning trauma, you bit down on it, most assuredly leaving teeth marks.Cloudchaser was back from your guest room in a flash with your bedside water bottle and a small medicine container. She placed the water down on her nightstand before struggling to open the pill bottle; she never liked those infernal medication safety lids. After a few muttered swears and a lot of frantic pulling, Cloud was able to open the bottle with her teeth, shaking out two, small, white and red pills from the capsule. Having recovered only slightly from the initial waves of sharp pain, you opened your mouth to speak to her, but Cloud simply took it as the signal to pop the pills into your mouth and grab the water. You could barely blink before the pills were slammed to the back of your throat and the water bottle was against your lips, tilting up. Choking a bit in your efforts to get the pills back up to your palate, you glanced up at Cloud with an alarmed look on your face, but you soon closed your eyes as you took several gulps of the clear, life-giving liquid, taking the medicine down with ease."You good now?" Cloudchaser asked with a small, crooked smirk, her breath coming in short, subsiding pants that washed over your neck and face. Her breath was fresh and minty, so it was clear that she had brushed sometime while you were still sleeping. It didn't really mean much to you, considering how long you two were exchanging saliva earlier."Yeah... It's... it's starting to go away." You looked up at her as you began chuckling at how quickly she'd done everything involving your medication. Your laughter must have been contagious, for the mare joined you with her own giggles. The sounds of her happiness alone seemed to dull the sharp ache in your leg, making the pain fade to the background of your mind as you focused purely on the beauty of the Pegasus before you."You are such a dork." She said, still giggling as she leaned in towards your face, planting a soft kiss on your blushing cheek. You enjoyed the feeling on your skin; of this you were certain, yet you still wanted more. You placed a gentle hoof around the back of her head before she pulled away and brought her lips to yours. The sensation was just as wonderfully warm and silky as you'd remembered. You saw her eyes go a tad wide at your forwardness, only to close again as she remembered the feeling as well. The kiss was relaxed and easy-going, much like the mare herself. No tongues were involved, only the feeling of you two's lips caressing one and other.You weren't sure how long your mouths' loving embrace lasted, but hers broke it in favor curling up into an elated, giddy grin, leaving you to rest your forehead against hers, delighting in your warmth. She crawled up onto the bed next to you and rubbed the side of her muzzle against yours. It was unbelievable; this little action of hers was melting you like butter. There wasn't an inch of your body that didn't feel all warm and fuzzy as she went on nuzzling you. You eagerly returned the gesture of pure affection, even though the act was usually reserved for those who were certified soul mates. The idea of her being the mare you'd been waiting for all your life lingered in your muddled thoughts as she kept her face and body in constant contact with your own, and the more you contemplated the idea, the more you grew to like it.You were content to stay like that with her, envisioning the both of you sharing in moments such as these well on into the future, but as an unusually loud growl from the stomach of the mare you had wrapped in your wings and hooves derailed your train of thought, the sheepish look on Cloudchaser's face was more than enough to send you into another chuckle. "Hungry?" You asked her, barely able to suppress more laughter. A trifle embarrassed blush grew on her feminine features."I guess I am; I never got to eat after I got home..." She looked down at the bed as she spoke through the glowing redness on her face."Well, you were pretty 'occupied' at the time." You let your teasing statement hang in the air for a few seconds, waiting for her to bean you with a pillow or something of the like, yet all she did was keep nuzzle you, groaning at the memory of your heated jaunt together."You were great." She murmured near your ear, making it twitch. "I've never been with a stallion that could outlast me." You were taken aback by how placid she seemed while talking about this. It appeared that the idea of the two of you "doing it" didn't phase her in the least. "...Not every day a stallion lasts as long as a mare."Though her praise fed what ego you had, it made you feel considerably guilty, for you weren't really sure if you could have gone as long as you did without the pain holding you back. In fact, if you were sure of anything, it was that you couldn't have done that if you weren't laid up like this. Still, you'd be damned if you were about to ruin her opinion of you two's love making session by telling her that the pain had knocked you out it was so intense. No, that would definitely be kept a secret, for now. "Well, maybe you shouldn't underestimate a Pegasus who can beat Thunderlane in a hoof wrestle." You said, smiling triumphantly at the memory of the sizable achievement."Hmm, maybe I shouldn't have..." She sighed and laid her head down on your chest as she closed her eyes, her form rising and falling from her soft breathing. The pungent scent of her workout was no where to be found, replaced by the fragrance of lavender shampoo. Her new  bouquet was not unwelcome, though; her natural scent only served to ruffle your feathers anyway. "...mmm, Why don't you go grab a shower while I make us some dinner? You... still kinda smell like me." Just that commentary in and of itself was nearly enough to make you hard all over again. That was, until you realized what else she said."Buck... she wants to make dinner..." You though in substantial trepidation.You couldn't really say "No thanks" or "I'm not hungry" without at least a subtle hint that she was a bad cook. You were caught between a rock and a soft mare whom you didn't want to offend, for moral or physical reasons. So, without much further thought on the matter, you agreed with her plan "Alright, alright." You'd bitten this arrow before, and you were confident you could handle anything she could throw at you now.Besides, you did need a shower.You were clean, and felt like a new pony.For the past three weeks, bathing had been something of a chore for you, what with your bum knee giving you trouble maneuvering around and being thorough, but after each time you got finished, you were always glad you put in the effort. The running water had relaxed your muscles and soothed you injury's minor swelling, and the small hassle of having to stand on it for a while couldn't possibly be counted as a downer on an otherwise balmy experience. You finished toweling off your mane, giving it a quick brush-over before you trotted down stairs, tossing the dampened towel into the laundry basket on the way by. The distinct smell of oat-burgers hit you almost as soon as your hoof hit the last step, making your stomach growl aggressively even though you'd gorged yourself on breakfast/lunch just over three hours ago. You were a weather pony after all; hardy workers need hardy meals."You sure take your time in the bathroom."Then you remembered who was making the oat burgers..."Well, getting all of the 'you' smell off of me took a lot of scrubbing." You jested back at the tending mare as you walked through the living-room into the kitchen. When you crossed the threshold, the aroma of oat-burgers was almost completely overpowered by that of deep-frying hay fries. The heady combination had you all but salivating. Cloudchaser was standing next to a grilling pan, her front hooves supporting her as she stood on two legs against the counter, wearing a large smile and one of the cutest aprons you'd ever seen. Then again, it might have just been the mare in the clothing that was making it look cute."Well, maybe you should've let me take a rinse-off before you decided you wanted to screw around." Cloud said with a playful tone as she tossed a few more oat patties onto the grill pan, causing a most appetizing sizzling sound to greet your ears. "Hey, last time I checked, you're the one who did the deciding, but that doesn't matter." You trotted up behind her and wrapped your wings around the Pegasus from behind her, your chin resting atop her mane. "If I had the option to change something about all we did, I wouldn't change a thing." You whispered into her ear before giving it a cheeky nibble. She giggled and pressed herself into you, allowing you to push your muzzle into her mane. Inhaling deeply, you found that Cloud's natural mane smelled like rain clouds. No matter how much shampoo she used in order to smell like a flower, her work as a weather pony had bestowed upon her mane a scent that would most likely never leave unless she quit her work. The rainy, slightly-earthy hints were not bad in any sense. In fact, it reminded you of home, and it calmed you to breath it in."You're so cheesy." She mumbled, tittering as she nestled the back of her head into your neck. It was true, you could be very cheesy sometimes. The entire weather team remembers your attempt at seducing Cloudkicker, which was a ridiculous idea without trying to be as romantic as equinely possible. "Dance with the one that brought ya." You said to her. She looked up at you, a bit confused at first, so you decided to explain your metaphor. "It means: Don't change something if it's working.""...And who says cheesy is working?" She asked you, still maintaining the tone of a teasing filly messing with her friend."Well, you haven't moved away." You punctuated your words by giving Cloudchaser's barrel a squeeze with your hooves and your wings. The mare laughed as you felt her up, her freshly-bathed coat like fine satin to your prowling hooves. "Stop trying to get me horny again; you'll make me burn the food." She used her wings to gently push you away, giggling all the while. You smiled, satisfied with the attention you gave her as you sat down at the kitchen table, comfortable just to watch her continue cooking. It didn't even take a full minute before your eyes found themselves irreversibly subject to the view of her flank. It seemed to sway along to a song in her head, giving you quite the show before dinner. You did nothing but observe as she seemed to juggle the task of flipping the oat-patties on time, keeping the hay-fries from becoming too greasy, and keeping her dancing in rhythm. A dumb, infatuated smile crept onto your face as you looked on at the mare's animated features, thinking of nothing else but the breathless moans and primal howls she'd been releasing just a couple hours ago. The thought of Cloud's tight marehood flexing around you made your sheath begin to ache again. Your mind wandered about, its attention divided erratically amongst many tantalizing memories, going through every single carnal thing you and Cloudy had done that afternoon.Who would have ever thought it?"...Nice to know you like my butt that much." Cloudchaser's goading voice broke the powerful trance her swaying rear-end had put you in as she pulled the fries from the scalding-hot oil to let them cool. You blushed, somewhat embarrassed that she'd noticed your overt gawking, knowing full well that she knew you hadn't stopped staring at it, but even in light of this, you still didn't take your eyes off of her. Her toned thighs, her refined wings, her rounded haunches, her cute little amount of belly plump. You had never much cared for those runway-style, skinny mares anyway; Cloudchaser looked perfectly well fed, and it made her barrel look adorable."Oh, it's not just that flank, sweetheart." You mumbled almost wistfully. It made Cloud chuckle again, causing her to turn to look at you."You need to shut up before I pounce on you." Cloud purred, swatting her hoof at you like a kitten. You stood up, unable to resist the urge to enclasp the mare again. She moaned as your snout rubbed into her neck."You act like you pouncing on me would be a bad thing." You defied, giving the rim of her ear a lick right afterwards. It was your turn to play that game. Cloud didn't say another word, but the sound coming from her turned from a peaceful hum, to a predatory growl. Cloudchaser was as quick as a lighting strike, spinning both of you around and backing you up against the kitchen counter. Her lips met yours with the force of a hammer, but you wrapped your hooves around her, getting over the shock of her sudden actions immediately. Her tongue brushed your closed mouth, but as yours readily joined hers, it didn't seem like she was after a battle for dominance, just a nice cooperative dance. Your tongues then engaged in a waltz of sorts, her muzzle pushing as hard as it could against your own as she rushed her frantic and impatient hooves at untying the back of her apron. If you didn't know any better, you'd say she was trying to shove her whole snout into your mouth.Throwing the apron off to the side as if it were the most bothersome thing in the world right then, Cloudchaser broke from the kiss to catch her breath, panting as if she'd run a marathon. "You talked me into it." She breathed out quickly as she started ushering you out of the kitchen, planting short pecks on your upper neck. When her muzzle trailed up to yours again, you gave the tip of her nose a lick, eliciting another giddy titter from the horny Pegasus."Won't the oats burn if we fool around?" You asked in genuine concern, but careful to still keep the playfulness in you voice."That side needs to cook for a while anyway." Cloud spoke with a dismissive tone as she grabbed a light hold of your wing, pulling you into the living room. "We've got a good few minutes." You did see that she had set the stove burners to a lower level, so you didn't have cause to worry too much. "Who knows? It might just make them better." You thought as you diverted the remainder of your attention back to the gorgeous, hopelessly horny Pegasus who had just given you permission to make love to her again. Though she'd spoken softly to ease your worries about dinner, her half-lidded eyes clearly told you that she was not trying to calm you down. She led you to the foot of the living room's cloud sofa before falling onto it herself, splaying her hind legs out for you to see. She outstretched her forehooves to you eagerly, inviting you to climb on top of her and take her.Without the slightest hesitation, you carefully lay down above her, making sure your weight wouldn't crush her anywhere, and keeping your knee from doing any work. Cloudchaser moaned out as your bodies' fur rubbed together, wrapping her hooves and wings around your upper back. You placed your wings under her flank, giving it a greedy squeeze as you shoved your hooves under her arms to bring her chest to yours, pulling her as closely to you as you could. Cloud sighed at the feeling of your fondling wings on her rear, resting her forehead against yours and locking eyes with you. Your warm, fuzzy bodies were as entwined as they could possibly be. As the two of you basked in each other's warmth, you were once again transfixed by the tempting gaze of the mare below you; the most you found yourself able to do was continue the massage on her plump haunches."So... are we like... officially 'coltfriend and marefriend' now?" Cloudchaser asked, biting her lip shortly after finishing her question. You couldn't even think of anything to compare to such a look. Her succulent, sultry lips, her piercing, soulful eyes, it was something you were quite content with staring at for forever, but after a few seconds, it dawned on you that she'd asked you a considerably heavy question. You somehow managed to free yourself from her bewitching stare, spurring yourself into action as you leaned in to lock muzzles with the beautiful mare. Again no tongues were required in the kiss, only the feeling of those luscious lips. She let out a blissful sigh through her nose as the kiss went on, the two of you steadily making the kiss more forceful. You gave her butt a pinch with two primaries as you broke the kiss, earning a gasp for your surprise."Does that answer your question?" You retorted to her panting form. Her breath smelled of toothpaste, having not eaten anything afterward. It was odd, but you found yourself inhaling for every time she would exhale, breathing in any essence she gave you as often as you could."I wanna hear you say it." Her voice quivered a bit as she spoke, but the demand behind could not be mistaken. It was rare for Cloudchaser to take anything this seriously, so you didn't waste a second for fear of ruining what you had."Yes, I am your coltfriend." A euphoric smile spread across her face at those loaded words, prompting a corresponding grin of your own. You'd be lying if you said you didn't feel proud of yourself just then."Well, you know I'm your mare..." Cloudchaser leaned up, licking along you jawline before she added in a whisper gushing with not only driving lust, but burning love. "Care to make me yours again?"You brought your face away from the side of her head and kissed her again, earning an excited chortle from her. You swore you would never grow weary of this. You could kiss her until your lips knew hers better than they knew themselves. This kiss one of the more primal and gluttonous kind, as there was no further need to prove anything in the way of romancing, you felt her tongue rearing to go against your opening mouth, wanting either to play or to fight. Your yearning tongue instantly joined hers in the small space between your mouths, quickly finding that she was using hers far too forcefully to want to play, and so, the rematch commenced. No sooner had the sparring began did her hooves start kneading away into the base of your wings, forcing a groan from your occupied mouth. "Cheater!" Your thoughts screeched. She knew how sensitive the wings could be to that kind of treatment, particularly at the muscular base, particularly to a Pegasus who was not used to receiving a massage there.In silent awe by the dubious lengths to which she purposely went, you decided to enact a bit of foul play yourself. Leaving a little more of your weight to press down on her, you shifted so that your hooves were on Cloud's flank and your wings were wrapped around her sides. Your left hoof squeezed and worked deeply into the left side of her butt while your right found its job in fiddling with her dewy flower. She moaned lewdly into your mouth, her tongue spasming and flexing turbulently, allowing you to slowly gain ground on her despite her tactics. She doubled the strength with which she massaged your wings' bases, truly showing no mercy in the exploitation of your sensitivity, a feathery "Pomf" sound manifesting itself as her reward. You always hated when your wings shot out like that; it always made you feel embarrassed when it would happen in public, especially with how shrewd your friend Thunderlane could be sometimes. The amount of conflicted pleasure she was dealing to you by this simple act alone was debilitating; you were sure you couldn't take much more without crying out in bliss, breaking away from the kiss and forfeiting the match. Your brow furrowed over your closed eyes in determination. Even under the intense pleasure of her hooves' ministrations, you still wanted to get that third win on her. You rubbed your right hoof along Cloudchaser's moistened lower lips with no holds barred, sending another wave of blissful shock through her gyrating form, wetting your appendage sufficiently before lowering it to a more secret orifice of hers.Without any warning, you savagely pushed your soaked hoof to her tighter passage, causing the stunned mare to squeal into your mouth. Your hoof was well lubricated, but it still couldn't even come close to penetrating her backdoor. Its constriction in reaction to your sudden poking had left you merely with scarce ability to tease at its puckered outer reaches. Even though your hoof was too large to enter her other hole, the attempt was not by any means lost on Cloudchaser. Her hooves let go of your wings as they stiffened and flailed a moment, quickly finding refuge in wrapping around your neck. Her wings flapped excitedly against the white fluff of the sofa as her back hooves shot up and around your lower back. You took it back; this was as entwined as you could possibly be with her. Her tongue became noticeably weaker as she began focusing on catching her breath through her nose. That was exactly what you'd wanted. Your plan had worked perfectly, and you were looking forward to dominating yet another kiss.Everything was going swimmingly, until you heard the front door open.Your eyes shot open, your whole body going still. Your eyes then wide, you found that Cloudchaser's were still squeezed shut. She must not have heard the door! Thankfully, she was only breathing through her nose as she continued to kiss you, not making any other noise, but the fact that she didn't know her sister was now just feet away from you two only served to make the predicament worse! You had no clue what to do! What could you do to thwart this unavoidable disaster? How could you possibly derail this oncoming train? What action were you going to take to avert this collision-course that would most likely result in something worse than death for the two of you?! Could you keep going and hope Cloudchaser stayed quiet enough so as not to attract Flitter's attention? No, you hadn't yet heard her hooves moving away from the door; that either meant Flitter was very tired, that she was just standing there, or that she was already looking at the you and Cloud's little love jaunt, too shocked to speak. You didn't dare risk looking up to see. You could pretend to be asleep, but you knew that there wasn't enough room on the sofa to make it look platonic or convincing. That of course, and you'd somehow have to tell Cloudchaser to play along, which was something you had no way of doing. You knew you couldn't hop off of her and off the couch. Not only would she surely pick up the very sudden movement in her peripheral vision, but there was also a high risk of re-injuring your leg. The sound of a pony slumping against the door after closing it was a good sign. Perhaps Flitter was too tired to have seen you yet.If Cloud hadn't heard the door when it opened, she definitely heard it when it closed. Her eyes went as wide as yours had, and though her lips were still locked with yours, all battle with your tongues had ceased. Both of you were now holding you breath. Looking at her, you could plainly see the same frantic debate of terrible options raging in her head. One thing she did differently from you however, was her whole body going not only still, but rigid as she was startled by the door clicking shut. All four of her legs tensed in reflex to the sound, causing them to clamp down. This triggered a chain of events that you really could have done without. The strain placed on your bad knee by your back leg straightening out as she involuntarily applied pressure by tensing up, brought an initial shock of pain that no one could have suffered through silently. A muffled grunt left your nose and mouth before you could suppress it, ruthlessly shattering any hope of Flitter not noticing you two.Still, in spite of this calamity, you had two options from which to choose: Act like you hadn't heard the door and feign innocence, or break the kiss you and Cloudchaser had been holding to come up with a logical explanation to tell Flitter, neither option sounding all that appealing to you at the moment..."What The Buck?!"In the end, Flitter made that decision for you.With a wet smacking sound, you broke the kiss to look up at Flitter, hoping beyond hope that her face was not as betrayed as her shout had sounded. Your hopes were once again broken to smithereens, for the look on the poor little mare's face was not one of anger, but one of confusion, betrayal, and utter horror. She just stood there, breathing as if she were about to hyperventilate for what felt like a harsh millennium before Cloudchaser finally tried to speak up."This... this isn't what it looks like." You grimaced as soon as those words hit your ears. You pulled your hoof from up against Cloud's flank and carefully got to a standing position next to the couch. Cloudchaser merely sat up, ashamedly using her tail and hooves to cover her still aroused mare-parts."Really!? Then what is it, Cloud!? What is it!?" Flitter's voice never changed from an infuriated shriek. You cringed with each new word that came from her mouth, not only from how loud she screamed them but what it was she screamed. You wanted desperately to help Cloudchaser to defend herself against her sister's vigorous, and rightful inquire, but your mouth simply refused to open. Whether it was due to the shock of Flitter's reaction or the pain still pulsing through your leg, you'd probably never know, but you did know that you had just left Cloudchaser abandoned."We weren't doing anything serious, Flitter. It was... just..." Throughout your life, you'd known your fair share of good liars, and Cloudchaser was not on that list; you already knew this was hopeless."What?! Just what?!" Her angry screech was by now more of a cry, and you never would have thought you preferred the other until you heard the latter.Cloudchaser recoiled, defeated and ashamed beyond measure as she hung her head, unable to look her little sister in the eye. "I'm sorry..."Flitter recoiled herself at those words; her eyes shimmered, on the verge of tears, visible even in the shaded living-room as she slowly and somberly shook her head. "No... no you're n-not..." With those cold words plunged into her sister's heart, Flitter bolted up the stairs, leaving you and Cloud with nothing but unforgiving silence after she'd slammed her bedroom door. The loud, cruel noise was undoubtedly the breaking point for poor Cloudchaser. You heard a soft sobbing from her not long after it happened, and you were certain that Flitter was doing the same.Even now, you weren't entirely sure what to do. On one hoof, you needed to go after Flitter to console her in some way, but on the other, Cloud looked like she needed some help as well. You let out a sigh, looking at the mess you felt you had created. Coming to grips with it, you realized that you would not only have to comfort Cloudchaser, but make amends with Flitter as well. You knew Flitter would not hear Cloud after what she'd just said. It was you who had to set things back on course, you and no one else. Ultimately, you chose to help the mare who's world had just gone from pleasurable contentment, to an unreal nightmare, something you understood implicitly.You walked up beside Cloud, placing a wing around her softly. She then looked up at you, the black eyeliner she normally used to accent her naturally dark lashes now partially smudged by a few tears. Her eyes trailed off of you slightly, staring blankly. She looked like she was thinking about something, and it wasn't that hard for you to figure out what. You knew she was wondering whether she should welcome your approach, or push you away as the pony who had inadvertently hurt her sister. You understood her struggle perfectly. You were not surprised by her hesitance, nor would you have been if she were to shrug your wing away, even though that decision would have hurt a lot more than you would care to imagine.Luckily, you would never know that pain. Her face twisting as she started to weep again, Cloudchaser turned her body towards you and threw her hooves around your neck, shoving her muzzle into the crook of your shoulder. Her bawling grew more open as she clung to you tightly, shaking profusely with every wracking sob pouring fresh tears into your fur. You just held her there; it was all you could do for her. Your heart hurt dearly for them both, and you were sorry you ever made that spur-of-the-moment proposition to Cloud. After a while, her weeping gradually abated, mellowing to sniffling whimpers as she slowly regained her senses. "Wha--what have I done..." She spoke only just above a whisper. It hurt; everything that was happening hurt you so much. You quickly found that the most bearable pain you suffered at the moment was your injury. You kicked yourself harder than you ever had before for what you knew you'd caused as you listened to her cries of guilt. This was a side of Cloudchaser you'd never seen before, nor had ever wished to see. This couldn't go on; it was not her wrong-doing, and you decided you were going to tell them just that."It wasn't your fault." You managed to say, folding both your wings over her. "If anypony's to blame, it's me.""I knew... I knew she liked you... and I still did it..." Cloudchaser spoke, her sober tone from before remaining glued to her."Hey..." You lifted her face to you own with a hoof under her chin. Her eyeliner had made her tears gray as they ran down her cheeks, partially staining her muzzle fur and the tips of your hooves. "It wasn't your fault; it was mine. I pressured you into it, and now I'm gonna make things right." You proclaimed, determined to keep the word you just gave. You knew that holding Cloudchaser here was not helping her one bit, not when she longed for her sister. You didn't blame her, and you were willing to do whatever had to be done in order to see Cloudchaser smile again."How?"She hung her head again as another tear fell from her eye, barely possessing the emotional strength to look back up at you. You couldn't say anything to her, for you weren't sure exactly what you were going to do. All you knew is that you'd be damned if you didn't at least try to mend things, even if it was only between Cloud and Flitter. You kissed her on the cheek and helped her back onto the sofa, making sure she was as comfortable as she could be before you turned to look at the top of the staircase. Right before you began trotting to the foot of the stairs, Cloudchaser spoke up again; it was clear that she insisted on knowing at least the premise of your plan, even if you had none to give."How are you going to talk her into forgiving a pony who just stabbed her in the back?""By doing what every Pegasus was born to do." You answered calmly, betraying how you felt inside as you started towards Flitter's room. "I'm gonna wing it."You felt nervous, incredibly nervous.There you were, already at the top of the steps, knowing full well that what you said in the next few minutes could either make or break the priceless relationship you had with two of the most wonderful mares you knew. You stood motionless outside Flitter's bedroom door, praying to somehow acquire the courage you needed to enter. When no such courage or bravery came, you considered the possibility of letting Flitter calm down a bit before speaking with her. That course of action didn't sit that well with you however, as your father had always told you to "strike while the iron was hot." It was something that never totally failed you whenever you tried it, so with a few deep breaths, and a lick of your dry lips, you placed your hoof on the doorknob.You froze. You really did not want to do this."Come on! It's Flitter! She loves you! She needs a friend right now, and you're the only other pony in the house! She looked after you like she was guarding you with her life, and now you can't even go in and say you're sorry?! Be a stallion! It's time for you to give back all that she gave for you!"Your brain spoke the truth; you did owe her a lot. You had to admit that you'd even toyed with the idea of asking her out a couple times, but you never seemed to have the courage to do so. While Cloudchaser had always been a ball of fun to be around, it was Flitter who never failed to make you feel wanted, to make you feel loved. The mare had made you feel loved even before you knew about her crush on you, and that's what was strange. Was it possible to love two mares, let alone love them equally for different reasons? Could you be in love with both Cloudchaser and Flitter? You'd heard of some stallions having multiple mares, but you'd always thought of them as nothing more than shallow flankholes. The only thing you'd ever thought of when you saw or heard of a harem was the complete and total lack of a moral core you'd have to have just to be part of one. You had never even considered being one of those stallions for a second. Whenever you had dreamt of companionship with the soul that was meant to be the one, you had dreamed of only one, one faceless mare who belonged to the uncertain future, yet, somehow the idea of both sisters being the ponies you were in love with refused to leave the equation in your head. When you thought of the idea, it didn't disgust you with yourself as you thought it would have. You knew why you loved them both, and for some reason, that was enough for you. The more you thought of it, the more it started to become the most logical course of action you could take, for after all, how on Equuis would you live with yourself if you walked away from one for the other, leaving them to face what they would then see as their victorious nemesis every day of their remaining lives?No, there was no other peaceful way out of this ultimatum, and you decided that you would at least bear the courage to suggest it, even if it did make you look like one of those immoral flankholes. It wouldn't bother you; you knew why you loved them both, and you knew you could love both of them equally for what they were.Yes, you knew you could love them both equally, and you knew for an assured fact that Cloudchaser most likely wouldn't mind sharing you with her little sister. That just left Flitter, who was, at times, a very possessive pony. Would she be willing to share you with the pony closest to her? This was the real and final question."You'll never know unless you get in there and try..." Slowly did your hoof twist the doorknob, and slower still did you gently push the door open. Over her own pillow-muffled wailing, Flitter had heard nothing.The room itself was rather bland by comparison to Cloud's room, but every now and then it held bursts of individuality in its modest decor. A white beanbag chair, a darkwood bookshelf filled partially with golden ballet trophies and steamy romance novels, a desk in the corner with weather-related paperwork stacked on it, a nightstand adorned with a reading lamp, a plain unpostered door to another bathroom, another door to a small walk-in closet, a white satin bed with a birch wood frame and cloud pillows resting at its head, these were all the little things that would stand out to you as you would enter her room. The walls of the room were a lavender wallpaper like much of the rest of the house, and the floor was made up of a mellow, beige carpeting. Three things in the room stuck out to your eyes: The nightstand that housed the very diary that gave you nightmares, the twenty-year old plush teddy bear that rested on that beanbag chair, and finally, the mare to whom the room belonged, curled up on the foot of her bed, crying her eyes out inconsolably.Deciding right then and there to block out the potent memories of that diary, and ignore the old plush, you slowly trotted up to her bedside. Flitter's cries were loud, even when muffed by the cloud pillow she was clutching tightly in her hooves. She didn't notice you until you gave your stealth away in favor of placing a gentle hoof lightly upon her back. She flinched, gasping in startlement as she quickly looked up at you, her distraught eyes a bit inflamed and her cheek fur matted to her face. You gave her a weak, insecure smile, hoping that she wouldn't become angry at your presence. She stared at you for the longest time, doing nothing but breathing through her slightly open mouth and ruffling her feathers. Your heart began to race, an even more insecure blush developing on your face as you wondered what was going through her head. This was the same gamble you had just taken with Cloudchaser; it even had the same two possible outcomes. She could either accept you and welcome the comfort of what she still saw as a friend, or remember that you were truly the one to blame for her sorrows. As far as the gamble had gone, you were beginning to think that you were over-playing your hoof, that was, until it again miraculously paid off despite the fact that you probably would not have done the same were you in her position.Flitter's first divulging action was to look down at her bed in concession, slowly inching over to give you room to sit beside her on it. You let out a breath you didn't realize you'd been holding in and gratefully crawled up next to her, making sure not to injure yourself doing so. Once you were seated, Flitter just began staring at you again. Again you hoped she wasn't staring at you for the reason you dreaded, but staring back at her, you saw that her face was filled with too many emotions for you to decipher any one of them. The very most you could do was plead with your heart that a kinder emotion would prevail.Her stare went unbroken for at least a full ten seconds, before the dam holding back her tears once again began to falter. It was then that you finally did see something in her eyes as she gazed into yours: You saw longing, pure, sorrowful, stillborn longing. It was so powerful to you when you saw it; you couldn't tear your eyes away for fear of what that longing might turn into. It was the gaze of someone who wanted something so badly they could scream out in anguish, but knew despite all they would ever do, that they could never have it. At first, the tears silently fell from her eyes, but it didn't take long for her to be sobbing once more. You could do little more than watch the mare's depressed sadness win out over all other things she was feeling, and it made you want to cry right along with her. You had hurt her, and you had hurt her badly. Still, you couldn't break down with her; it wouldn't help anything. You needed to fix this! You had given Cloudchaser your word, and you couldn't just give in and let poor Flitter go on like this. You opened your mouth several times, but found no words that had the force to leave your pinched throat."Say something!" Your mind screamed at you. "Anything!" You couldn't exactly find the right words, but you tried anyway; you could do nothing but try. "Flitter..."Not a half second had passed since the sound of her name escaped your lips did she wrap her hooves around your lower chest. Flitter's bitter weeping again became more audible as she bawled into your tufted fur. It was your turn to bare a face of startlement as her sudden action was made, but when you realized what all the signs were pointed to, you sighed shakily and started petting her mane, trying your best to come up with the words that would salvage this."Flitter... I'm... I'm sorry... I'm so sorry." It wasn't much, but you managed to muscle out the words as you fought back tears of your own. Flitter's crying only seemed to become louder, and more forceful at the sentiment. You had a sinking feeling that you'd made it worse.It was then that an idea hit you like a brick wall. You may have known about the ardent crush she had on you, but she didn't know that you knew. Besides, it would be a great way to get her to open up to you, to talk to you, and if she could just talk to you, you at least stood a chance of being able to get her mind off of what had just happened with her sister. So, that being your only real plan of action, you leaped for it. "I don't understand, Flitter. Why did what you saw make you like this?"Flitter bit the bait as soon as you set it. "Y-you wouldn't know... you can't know... not a-after t-that!""Know what? What can't I know?" You only raised your voice a very small amount so as to keep her attention, still careful to keep it soft for her. You reached your hooves under her fetlocks and pulled her face up to eye level, looking purposely inquisitive. It was almost as if Flitter couldn't bear to look at you as she spoke her words, for no sooner had you done this did Flitter stare at you in silence again, her lower lip distinctively quivering before she closed in for another hug. She rested her head on your left shoulder, keeping her hooves around your upper barrel. The mare's tears had seemed to become less frequent when she had something to fight through them for, but every time she looked at you, you felt that you were getting nowhere."I... I can't tell you now!" The progress you'd thus made with her crying was all but destroyed with that defeated declaration. Flitter tightened her grip on you, burying her muzzle into your neck, crying sobs as hard as when you'd first entered the room. "I can never tell you now..." The gravity of those words burned you to your core. You had to change this; it was now or never."What if I told you... I already knew?"Flitter's whole body then became as still as a stone statue. Though you took your time waiting, you desperately wished for some kind of positive reaction from her, or any reaction in general, but you found none. Flitter never moved, nor did she continue to cry out, nor even ruffle her wings. She did not move a single, solitary muscle in her body after you said that. The only sign of life from the mare you had wrapped in your hooves was her uneven breath, so you took it a little further."And what if I told you that... I liked you too?" You asked tentatively as you softly pulled Flitter away from you by her shoulders. You looked at Flitter with no sign of a jest in your expression, nor in your body language, and you could swear you saw a semi-hopeful glimmer in her reddened, puffy eyes.After a little while though, as if upon realization of the sobering event which had unfolded before her denying eyes, Flitter's head lowered before she spoke out, already sounding bested and crushed by the gravity of reality itself. "You... you c-can't... You're in love with Cloudchaser..." You almost couldn't believe what your ears heard. You heard bitterness, jealousy, and resentfulness lacing her sister's name when it departed to the air. It stung you to hear it. You were truly astonished that you were already hearing such a thing from her, but still, despite your stupefaction, you pressed on and kept at it. At this rate, knowing just how rapidly you were losing ground in your battle against the hardening of Flitter's broken heart, realizing just how imminently she was turning on her sister, you were left with very few options. Once again, it was now or never. What you were about to say, what you were about to do would most definitely take you down a very dark, crooked, twisted, and winding path, but if that's what it took to make both Cloudchaser and Flitter happy, especially with each other, you would have gladly walked through Tartarus one-hundred times over."Flitter.... you know how a good mother loves all of her foals equally, even if she has, say, five or six?"Flitter then looked up at you, slightly taken aback by how random the question appeared to be, confused at how such a question could mean something for her plight. "Yeah..." She answered with a stuffy-nosed sniffle following closely behind it."Well..." You took in a deep breath, as if readying yourself to jump from a great height. This was it; there was no going back now. "You're right, Flitter. You are absolutely right; I do love Cloudchaser." Her gaze lowered again, looking profoundly hopeless and depressed, but that face was soon to change as you used a wing tip to lift it back up to look you dead in the eyes. "But I also love you just as much."You saw Flitter's eyes light up as if she saw light at the end of a dark tunnel, but only for a fleeting moment before you saw the gears in her head begin turning. With a fetlock, she dried her eyes as she once again bowed her head, but not in a defeated way, not this time. You could tell that it was purely for the purpose of contemplation. Her eyes would dart from her own hooves back up to your eyes every so often in deep thought. After only a half minute in silence, she let out a collected sigh."You're just saying that. You're just saying that to make me feel better..."Did she really believe you would do something like that to her? Flitter hardly seemed like a cynical soul, but you feared the miniscule possibility that it just might be true. You didn't really have a contingency plan for a problem like this, so the gears in your own head went to work. Your mind stormed, trying ardently to come up with an answer before too long had passed and she was sure of what she'd said. Your mind's eye then showed you a very brief image; it was what you and Cloudchaser were doing before Flitter had gotten home. At first, you didn't know how that helped you, but a subtle tingle in your loins granted you an epiphany.It was ruthless, and you were almost certain it would fail. You nearly shunned it in favor of resuming your search for an honest and convincing answer, but the idea, you then realized, was every bit as devious as the one that had gotten you into the greatest time of your life with Flitter's sister, if not more. So, setting all inner inhibitions aside for the time being, you dove for it with gusto."What if I could prove that I love you too?"Flitter's face scrunched up in even further confusion. "...What? How?""Here goes nothing..." You thought, letting your vicious brain take you over. You decided to let your actions speak for you. You stood up and gently stepped off the bed, careful to not put anymore strain on your bad ligament. She watched you in worry as she outstretched her hooves to you with a concerned whimper, acting as if you'd torn the thing yesterday. She still really cared about you; that much was certainly clear above all else."Careful!" She squeaked out to you, putting her hooves near her mouth. You turned to her and gave a knowing grin. Before Flitter could even blink, you were right in front of her with your hoof pressed to her chest. You never broke eye contact as you slowly pushed her onto her back, leaving her back hooves to dangle off the edge of the bed. You didn't need to push hard at all seeing as how her hooves were at her mouth, not keeping her upright as she slumped backwards onto the bed's fluffy cushioning. As you hovered above her, eyeing her midsection, Flitter continued to stare up at you, every bit as uncertain of what you were about to do as when you first said you could prove your equal love to her. Still, you were beginning to think that she was more wise than she was letting on, as her only action upon this supposed "uncertainty" was pathetically crossing her back legs in a feeble attempt to shield her most private parts from you, a blush already crowning her nervous expression. "W-what are you doing?" Flitter's voice shook as much as her body at your touch."Just sit back and relax." You crooned to her through your smirk before giving her adorable little belly a short loving peck, a loud, shaken gasp escaping Flitter's throat just from that small sampling alone. If that was the over-sized repercussion of your meager little taste, you couldn't wait to see how loud you could make her scream."W-w-wait!" She whimpered out, her breath already coming heavy as your snout brushed against her inner thigh. You paid her begging no heed; you knew that she wanted this just as much as (if not more than) you did. You could tell just from the blush, the nervousness, the look of anticipation on her face, that, and she wasn't exactly sitting up to stop you either. When your muzzle finally arrived at its destination, you didn't smell much of her feminine scent, nor did she look all that aroused when you got to eye-level with her marehood. This had you slightly stumped for a moment. Though you could clearly see by her face that she was already on board, you derived the general sense that her marehood just didn't quite look ready. Perhaps you were simply not doing enough with your sudden ministrations to garner any noticeable arousal from the petite mare. Maybe you just needed that special, individual something to tip things indelibly in your favor. Just then, your mind stopped, recollecting all of what she so relished from her diary, all the depraved virile things she wished you would do to her. Perhaps just a little, mild "rough play" would more than do the trick. With your mind made up, you looked back up at Flitter with a deviant grin."Go ahead, Flitter; keep on resisting. Keep begging me." You nearly growled as your firm grip on her supple hips grew ever tighter. Growling that rather vindictive sentiment made your own skin crawl. It was a profanely creepy sentiment, at least to your ears, but you could tell she loved it. The Pegasus mare's face was now as crimson as a sunlit rose, and her little pink nub winked wantonly as her mind processed what you said."Wh... what?" Her torso trembled violently to its core as she spoke, her hooves clinging snugly to her chest as she peered down at you with widened eyes of utter disbelief. You weren't entirely sure how she'd take what you were about to say next, so you knew you had to work fast."I read your journal..." Your hooves ran up and down her sides as you spoke, intently exploring her body. You thanked Celestia above when she didn't wrinkle her face in offended anger upon your intrusive admittance, and you weren't about to waste that miracle. You briskly traced your hooves lower, down to her cutie marks, fondling them playfully. "...Go on, pretend this is one of those dreams..." Your hooves left her special talent marks, and returned to them with a loud Slap! "Beg me for it."Flitter let out a quick, unprepared shriek at the sudden rough play, her chest rising and falling now with more speed as sweat began to bead and roll down her forehead. Your hooves dug deeply into her sensitive flanks, gruffly massaging any stinging sensation from the skin of her rear. Flitter's haunches were as soft and as squishy as the finest pillow, not even giving a hair of resistance to the digging of your hooves. Though you felt a layer of muscle under the smooth flesh of her dainty little butt, it wasn't nearly as toned as Cloudchaser's, but you did enjoy how her moldable flanks gave way to your strong fetlocks. You heard her stutter incoherently, but never did she complete a full word, let alone a full sentence. You didn't hear a discernible word until you had your hooves on her back knees, poised to spread them apart for your delight."P-please..." You just barely heard her say."Please... what? Say it, Flitter; tell me what you want me to do." You pushed her further."Please... use me... how you w-want... however you want." There it was. She needed not say another word as you quickly spread her back legs, holding them there a moment to admire the view."...good enough."With that, you gave Flitter's newly-moistened flower a light, slow lick with the tip of your tongue. Feeling her spasm against it as you went, you saw by her gasping reaction that what you'd just done was more of a cruel, teasing tickle than anything else. Even though you only tasted her at the tip of your tongue, her taste was still surprisingly noticeable. Just as your mind had done with her sister's taste, the food that first came to it was that of a strawberry, except juicier, warmer, and much more subtle. Her lower lips' pure, tender flesh was as soft as the skin of a fresh plum, easily spreading open for your probing, searching tongue as it slowly descended deeper. Flitter's back legs wrapped themselves around the back of your head, and the only sound you heard was the rustling of the bedspread as her front hooves frantically grasped at it for a hold. You decided it was time for a bit more fun as you flicked your tongue across her nethers as a foal would a lollipop, earning yet another overwhelmed gasp from her. You took another lick, and your ears were greeted by a soft, yearning coo from the Pegasus. Another, a vulnerable whimper. A fourth, yet another whimper and an imploring whisper of your name, a desperate and wordless urge for you to continue, to dive deeper still."...As you wish." You breathed hot breath onto her flaming lips, earning an impatient, throaty groan. You then just barely nuzzled her clitoris with your inhaling nose, not hearing her voice, but the telltale sound of fluid gushing from her inner sanctum. "I hope you're ready for this...""Oh, h-- yes!"You saw no reason to deny her. Never one to hold back, you plunged your muzzle into her twisting insides with reckless abandon, licking and suckling greedily at her inner walls with a wanton desire for more of her beautifully sweet essence. Cloudchaser's taste had been somewhat tangy to you, with added hints of salt from the sweat she'd worked up. Flitter on the other hoof, was nothing but the almost citrus taste of strawberry coupled with the texture of the silky skin of her untouched mound. The two were very close sisters, and yet they couldn't have possibly been any more different. You had loved Cloudchaser's exotic and unexpected flavor, but Flitter's had struck closer to what you'd always expected a mare to taste like. You had no clue which one you liked better, only that you craved more of both of them.Flitter's loud, shaky moans brought your mind out of its dazzled wanderings, her angelic voice crying out unevenly made your member give a powerful throb, causing you to lose the grip of your ill-prepared sheath. Your phallus grew from it quickly, only to be greeted by the comparatively cold air, begging you to grant it another warm place. You debated it for only a split second before deciding it was a little too soon for that. You ignored your own need for now, choosing instead to shove your face all the deeper into her. Her marehood welcomed every aspect of your mouth so well! You could sink into it like it was made for your muzzle. It was all too perfect; you could have sat there all day, your eager tongue dancing circles around the edges of her passage and lingering at the bottom to gather all the precious juices that had built up there. The mare's vaginal muscles suckled and pulled at your tongue savagely, almost hard enough to pull your tongue away from you if you laid it there for too long. Flitter gave a high-pitched series of squeaks as you purposely thrashed your head about, humming into her besieged opening, not only providing an inordinate amount of friction and vibration, but also causing the top of your nose to brush against her winking nub. She was leaking like a faucet by this point. Looking up at her, you could tell that she almost couldn't take it. Her eyes had rolled back behind half-closed lids, her mouth was wide open in a desperate fight for air, her face was impossibly red, as was her heaving chest, and you imagined that she was close to fainting from the intensity."Oh sweet Luna! ...don't stop!" Her breathy, husky shadow of a voice finally hit your ears, bidding your smaller friend to give another very annoying twitch. It mattered little; you'd already decided that right now was about her, not you. You were actually sort of surprised that she was able to form any cohesive words through all the agonizing pleasure you were forcing through her. You were not dumb when it came to females, so you knew the clitoris was a mare's most sensitive point down there. You chuckled into her, tickling her into a fit of over-stimulated giggles. You pulled your muzzle from within her mound, then gave it a lick from the bridge between holes all the way up to her nub. You stayed put for a bit, gently spreading her lips with your hooves, further exposing the engorged little button."No... I'm sorry! I didn't mean to... sound pushy... please, you can't leave me like thiiisss!" Apparently she mistook your change of tactics for a withdrawal; this was something you addressed immediately. You silenced her panting pleads by placing your lips firmly around her exposed organ, sucking her tiny pearl into your mouth for your rough tongue to rub around and play with. Flitter's initial ecstatic yelp was loud enough to make your ears fold against your head on impulse. You blocked out the slight pain in your head from her shriek and focused on your new little toy, suckling on it and going around and around it with your tongue. It was not textured much differently than her flower, so again it was very soft to your taste buds, making it fun to tease.Flitter's moaning, crying, panting, and sometimes even screaming never seemed to stop. Her body writhed and thrashed in place, making you work to hold your relentless mouth in place as her hips bucked wildly out of her control. Her wings flapped erratically and out of sync like a baby bird trying to take flight, and her breathing became more labored than if she were at the gym on a final run. You smiled a gratified smile as you mercilessly resumed; it was always nice when a mare was telling you just how good a job you were doing. It was then, being the scathingly courageous colt that you were, decided to take another chance, nibbling feistily on her sensitive knob. After all, it had worked on Cloudchaser and her glorious rump; therefore why should this be any different? For the umpteenth time that day, your brash gamble would come to fruition. Flitter's mouth opened in a silent scream, her breath hitching in her throat, her eyes clenching tightly shut in a bliss-stricken grimace, her back arching as high as it could go, and her wings involuntarily going rigid, turning to steel planks spread across the bed.You smiled inwardly to yourself; you knew what those signs meant. Right before the orgasm came crashing through her, you let go of her love button and opened wide, clamping your muzzle onto her entire passage, reaching as far into her with your tongue as possible and pressing up, stretching her insides as much as the little muscle could, await the inevitable reward for all your efforts. Flitter did not disappoint; her spasming nether released a near endless flow of juices into your mouth, Flitter's taste becoming all the more powerful. Tangy and sweet both mixed together as she gushed lavishly into your waiting maw. You suckled at her hungrily, swallowing as fast as you could with each pulsing wave as her trembling lower half clenched rhythmically against you. After all was said and done, you could confidently say you were successful in not wasting the bulk of her delectable fluids.After swallowing all but a mere fraction of your bountiful reward, you made the ridiculous mistake of inhaling as you withdrew from Flitter's spent crotch, causing you to start choking for a few seconds as what little remained on her outer mound shot to the back of your throat. It was hardly the finale you wanted, but you couldn't help but start laughing at how absurd the whole situation really was. Then again, you had just managed to make amends with a beautiful mare, go down on her, give her a debilitating orgasm, and possibly even patch things up between her and her sister, so you surmised that fate hadn't been too cruel to you.You finished clearing your lungs of her juices, still chuckling and panting as you spoke to Flitter. "So... how was that for proof?" Flitter's only real response to your words was the insanely fast shaking of her hind legs, her focus was solely on getting her breathing back to normal. Judging by the magnitude of the orgasm you saw, you were fairly certain you'd just broken the poor little mare's mind. It was only now, when you were looking her over, that you realized just how unused to this she actually was. The poor little Pegusus had even drooled on herself a bit, and you also saw the visible remnants of a few tears that must have streaked down her burning cheeks during her glorious climax. A small fraction of you felt pretty guilty about taking her this far this fast, but over all, you knew for a fact that deep down she'd always wanted nothing but this. You kept up a self-satisfied smirk as you crawled up onto the bed, lying down beside her as you licked your muzzle clean of her. You rubbed at her soft, exposed belly with a gentle hoof as she lay on her back, her eyes still closed. "That good, huh?""You..." Flitter's voice could barely even be considered a whisper, causing you to lean your ear closer to her panting mouth. "...have..." You were genuinely curious as to where she was going with the fatigue-laden fragments she was mumbling out. You leaned in ever further towards her slightly-parted lips, hearing her give them a lick before continuing. "...No idea." She finished, then quicker than you thought she could do anything at the moment, grabbed you by the face and pulled your lips to her own.After getting over the miniature jump-scare, you gladly returned the passion of Flitter's kiss. As soon as she felt you do this, she almost instantly ventured forth with her tongue, softly grazing at your closed lips, asking your own muscle to join her's in its travail. You unhesitatingly opened up to grant the mare's wish and pushed your tongue against Flitter's, earning a pleased moan into your mouth from the mare. You very quickly found that Flitter was no fighter; she just wanted to have your tongue as far into her mouth as it could go. In fact, she allowed your tongue to defeat hers in a few short seconds, letting you shove forward and do just that. Flitter's body melted against yours, wrapping every appendage she had around you to pull you closer with what meager strength she had left as you proceeded to explore every single inch inside her cozy wet muzzle. After a little while, you found it fun to tickle the roof of her mouth, mainly due to the muffled giggles she would illicit as she shrunk back a little with each brush.However, like every other kiss, the need for air made you break it, but not before you left a memorable impression. Drawing back as you breathed in through your nose, you used your lips to draw Flitter's tongue out of her mouth and towards your own, also using the suction to aid it. You pulled her weak little muscle deep into your lips, partially breaking the kiss, but still holding her tongue in your mouth and sucking on it. Flitter was stunned by how unconventional such a move was, huffing hot breath, steamy breath that washed over your snout as you continued unabated. Her eyes were half-lidded and entranced, all but drunk on the heat of the passionate acts you were bestowing so profusely upon her. Eventually, (to her credit) Flitter managed to regain at least a portion of her senses, moaning around her stolen tongue as she slowly pulled it free with a small, sloppy pop."Buck... you're a good kisser." She whispered with a ragged grin, any fragment of the distraught mare you'd first seen when you entered the room having vanished without a trace."And you said I didn't mean it." You jested in a mock-scold manner with a quiet snigger, pushing your forehead to her's. You reciprocated every affection she was showing you, wrapping both your wings and hooves around the lithe Pegasus mare as she spoke next."So... you really want both of us?" She asked almost incredulously, tilting her head with a raised eyebrow as if she were still blind-sided by the whole idea. For all her semi-bewildered expressions however, you saw the first true hope in her eyes as she asked that question, and it flooded you with an impossible joy. Maybe Flitter really was willing to share you with her sister."You bet your sweet little flank I do." You couldn't keep the giddy grin off your muzzle as you gave the subject of your sentence another loving squeeze. Flitter sighed at your warm touch, seeming like the happiest mare in the world as again she tried to pull your body ever closer. For the second time that Flitter nuzzled you that day, you still felt that same magnificent tingle shoot through your system as the both of you simply stayed there, cuddling in the soft haze of a divine afterglow. After about a minute, the mare gasped in surprise when your forgotten member pushed most abruptly between her thighs, your face scrunching up instantly at the tantalizing sensation of her silky fur. The mare simply stared down at your stallionhood, her eyes steadily going wide, gulping quite audibly as she peered down at it, looking thoroughly intimidated. You didn't know why; you weren't really anything special down there only being a half-inch longer than the average nine-inch stallion. Flitter and Cloudchaser either must have known something you didn't, or the latter had had very modest dates in the past and told the former of it."I--I'm a little... raw... down there now... I'm not sure I can--" You quickly realized what she was getting at, and so you interrupted her."Relax, Flitter, the goal was to make you feel better; you don't have to do anything, not if you don't want to." You said as you broke the tender embrace. You gave a stretch after jumping off the bed, cringing slightly at the unpleasant feeling that shot up your bad leg. Flitter, for once, didn't seem to notice. You saw a look of mild confliction on her face for just a moment, as if weighing her options. Thank goodness for you that she decided against wanting it anyway when another aspect of the subject crept into her mind and a knowledgeable smile made its way to her lips."So, you're going to go tell Cloudchaser that both of us are yours now, huh?" Flitter asked with a cheeky, light-hearted mocking giggle."What? I do love both of you, so why shouldn't I keep both of you?""I just... never took you for that kind of stallion, that's all." Flitter hesitated as she said that, looking as though she weren't the most satisfied with how she worded it. Still you took it. You could tell she wasn't trying to cut you down or anything of the sort. She was merely voicing her considerable surprise."Hey, don't you worry one bit... you two are all I'm getting; there will not be a third." Flitter burst into laughing at the tired, dreadful, deadpanned tone of your voice. You shook your head with an apathetic smirk as you walked to the bedroom door. Opening it, you stopped to get the final word on her."Just come on down as soon as your legs stop shaking, Flitters." You winked a very roguish wink, and you smiled a very mischievous smile, triumphantly closing the door on a dreamy-eyed, red-faced, and dumbly-smiling Flitter.      If this was what being in love felt like, you had no clue how you'd ever lived without it.After closing the door on Flitter, and just before you descended the stairs, you realized you had to stop and wait for a bit. Your poor deprived friend had yet to return to its sheath as it dangled freely between your hind legs, still as bothered as Tartarus after the monstrous tease that the sight, smell, and taste of Flitter's nether region had given it. It wasn't really something you wanted to greet a distraught Cloudchaser with when you got down stairs. Not getting any after what you did with her was unpleasant to place it mildly, but the happiness of now having both sisters at peace with one another and also enamored with you made up for that feeling and then some.Once your little friend reluctantly returned to his scabbard, you spread your wings and glided down the stairs, making a sharp turn at the bottom to avoid smashing into the front door. Landing in the living room with a less than graceful thump, and sending another painful jolt through your bad leg, you didn't even care. You felt like you were still flying even though you'd landed. You felt as light as a feather, that all was right with the crazy world you were living in, and you couldn't help but grin for the joy overtaking you. You felt like nothing could possibly go wrong. That was, until you saw Cloudchaser. The first thing you noticed was that she was exactly where you'd left her. She hadn't even moved an inch, and as if that weren't enough to seem amiss to you, the way she looked up at you when she heard you land had you thinking that their was still a major problem to solve. Your wide, giddy grin all but disappeared when her eyes met yours. With her face now angled towards yours, you saw that it was still streaked with tears. These couldn't have been the tears she shed whilst you were still with her. No, these were fresh, bitter tears; she'd been crying only seconds before you got there. Staring at you, she tried to smile, but only half-succeeded. What you saw was a weakened, melancholy ghost of a smile before she dipped her head only slightly to give a small sniffle, attempting with a sluggish hoof to wipe away the new tears she'd just shed for an obvious new problem."Cloud? Cloud, what's wrong?" It was all you could say. What more could you say? You knew that their was something else that was wrong, for otherwise she would have looked at least slightly encouraged by the grin she just wiped from your face with nothing more than a broken look. Getting up off the couch, she only managed to make it a couple feet before she sat back down again on the floor."I... I heard a lot going on up there..." She said, idly rubbing at her arm as if she felt cold. Though your eyes must have gone a little wider with what you just heard and were afraid to expect, but she wouldn't know. She was now looking off at a portion of the far wall, deliberately avoiding eye-contact with you as she spoke shaken words. "I..." She stopped as soon as she'd started, her face turning farther away, her eyes pinching shut, looking desperate to try and hold back another woeful surge as a few new tears slipped through the cracks. "I understand... I knew I was just a spur of the moment thing... Flitter's the one who wanted you all along... S--she deserves you more than I do."Your breath halted, every muscle in your body tensed. Her words crushed you like a bug under a boot. If your mind could've read anything intelligible at that moment, it would have been along the lines of, "Did she really just say that?" or perhaps, "How could she, after all we've done, think I don't love her to bucking pieces, much less that I'd forsake her for anyone just like that?!" No one would ever know, for all you did was quietly stammer when you finally breathed out, far too confused, far too angry, far too shot down to form even a fragment of a coherent sentence."I don't mind." Cloud continued as she wiped her eyes again, still keeping her fake half-smile of "understanding" on her muzzle as she took in a deep breath. "You don't have to explain." Her unblinking eyes betrayed every single one of those words as yet more streaks of tears freely fell from them. It was then, watching this shamble of a mare try to convince herself more than you of what she was saying, that you finally found the will to speak out."No... No, no, no, you... you don't understand at all." You couldn't form a proper way to explain what had just happened upstairs with Flitter in your hay-wired mind. You felt too dazed at how suddenly this had come upon you, too hurt that Cloudchaser would even try to say this to you after all that had happened. You basically felt that she had not only betrayed you, but herself as well. "You... how could... why?""Why what?" Cloudchaser kept up her deceptively calm demeanor, masking the ebbing storm of sorrowful and bitter emotions pervading her, making it all the more difficult for you to explain. You not-so-slowly began to realize that there was absolutely no way for you to explain the plan of action you were so surely willing to take without coming off to her as anything more than an unmitigated hedonistic pig. You knew that if you tried, there'd be no way that she'd ever accept you back again. Your lips tightened in your silence as you abandoned all hope of ever convincing her that you truly did mean well, unable to fully conceive how you managed to come so close just to fail miserably now. Your chest started aching as a single tear worked its way free of your left eye."Cloud... has he told you?" Flitter questioned with quickened concern, seemingly having teleported to your side, making you jump for the second time in roughly two minutes. After her sister failed to answer right away, Flitter then looked between you and her sister with studying eyes, confusion quite evident on her face. "....Did I miss something?""I don't think you did, Sis." Cloudchaser spoke up morosely before you could beat her to it. "I was just telling him that I understood completely why he decided to pick you, and that I'm fine with it.""--But I never picked her!" You hadn't meant to yell when you butted in, but you didn't really care at that point; you'd be damned if you didn't get at least a word in edge-wise to defend yourself. "Flitter, you know what I said! I can't be the one to tell her... I-It wouldn't come out right.""Ohh... okay, I see what happened..." Flitter said as her face brightened, eliciting a little giggle at the whole scenario. "Cloudy, could I see you in the closet for a sec? We need to talk.." Flitter asked, stretching a helping hoof out to her seated sister. Cloudchaser's face had by now fully changed as she gingerly took hold of her sister's hoof. If you were to take a picture of her at that very moment, you were sure that it would've eventually ended up in a dictionary next to the word "confused." Flitter gave you a confident, assuring wink before leading her sister into the nearby hall closet.There you stood, silently, your fate now in the hooves of a very possessive mare who could very well hog you mostly to herself with a few simple twists of your words. You began pacing nervously, not hearing a sound from behind the closet's sealed door. Somewhere along the line, you noticed that your breathing had become somewhat erratic. Your wings shifted uncomfortably, your feathers ruffling; it was as if there were no way to settle back down in your own skin. Around a minute into that piercing silence, your forehead began to sweat, your face growing just a hue more pale, its expression subconsciously growing more and more grim. You could do nothing, nothing at all. You were helplessness incarnate, as if a soon-to-be father pacing ceaselessly outside a hospital room, waiting hysterically for an ill-chanced foal to finally be birthed from its sickly mother. You were alone with your increasingly worried thoughts, and you had no actions to take until Flitter And Cloudchaser's returned. Your stomach had tied itself in knots by this point, and your aching head throbbed from all the accumulated drama today had wrought upon you. You hated this; you hated this with a passion. You were certain that there was nothing in the whole wide world of Equuis worse than this. Never in all your life had you felt so unaided than during those seemingly endless moments.Just when you thought you could bear no more, just when you had contemplated and almost tried knocking on the closet door to see if anything was going smoothly, an unexpected sound from within it hit your ears... laughing? Tittering? Hooves shuffling to and fro? You had just enough time to turn back towards the closet door before your vision was largely obscured by a bright lavender form rushing towards you, her forelegs ecstatically wrapping around your torso, her face logging itself affectionately under your chin. You sighed with a smile, wrapping the older sister with wings and hooves of you own. For a moment, you felt as though you'd just awoken from a terrifying nightmare, as if you were in a completely new world than five seconds ago. As quickly as you'd previously realized that you had no hope of telling her, you felt the crushing weight of defeat lifting from your tensed and weary shoulders. Flitter had not let you down."Thank you." Your lips mouthed sincerely to her as you shared in Cloud's forgiving embrace, and once more did you mouth the same thing peering gratefully up at the ceiling. All Flitter could do was beam at you, her face a bright, emotional red as she trotted up to join the hug, kissing you softly on the cheek."So.... Flitter tells me you wanna handle both of us." Cloudchaser's face bore nary a single trace of the past sorrow it once held. Her almost arrogant inflection accompanied by that adorably stifled giggle couldn't have possibly made her seem anymore sexy to you. Impressively even to yourself, you managed to shoot a cocky grin back at her. After all, if both the sisters were happy with all this and rearing to go, then so were you. "...that true? And if so, you think you're ready to take us both on?""I was born ready, baby." You said, your inner hoofball competitor striking up as you pressed your nose to hers, that same cocky smirk still adorning your lips. You knew you could do this. You knew you could love them both. You knew you could give them both an equal share of love, for as you sat there between them, making sure to kiss Flitter's cheek immediately after you said this, you saw that your mind would never let you partake in too much pleasure with just one without reminding you of the other. Showing no favoritism would never be a problem."Not so fast there, lover boy." Flitter chuckled, pushing you away playfully. "How about we give you a little test?" she asked goadingly, creeping around behind you and wrapping her hooves around your neck, nuzzling your mane. "Let's see if you can really handle two mares.""A test, huh?" You fluffed your wings up against Flitter's belly. Rubbing Cloudchaser's own with your hooves, you saw her eyes suddenly light up. "What sort of test?""Oh, yes! I've always wanted to try something like this!" Cloud seemed to know exactly what Flitter was talking about, much to your dubiety. "It'll be just like old times!""Old times?" Flitter asked, still keeping her chin nestled on your shoulder as she looked to her sister. You figured it was good that you weren't the only one confused, for at least then you stood a chance of finding out what they were planning for you."Don't you remember how we would tease stallions at the bar when we were younger?" Cloud asked, chuckling nostalgically at a memory unknown to you."You mean-- Oh!" Flitter exclaimed in sudden recollection, her quickly reddening face turning towards your own with a bashful expression. "I guess... I mean, I think you'll like that as much as they did." She said to you, nibbling the tip of your lowered ear. By then, you'd realized that you hadn't moved fast enough to butt in on their higher conversation and that any chance you had on knowing the gist of what they were talking about had been considerably reduced."Are you two doing some kind of... telepathy thing?" You barely had any time work that snarky question in before being bypassed completely."Let's do it in his room! We've done it everywhere else." Cloudchaser tittered, subtly hopping up and down like a merry school-filly as she grabbed your hoof from her wing, placing it firmly on her cutie mark."Do what in my room?" You asked quickly, shifting your left wing to cup Flitter's rump in a thinly veiled effort to ensnare her attention."Agreed!" Flitter singsonged with a grin in the midst your ministrations, rendering your efforts a total failure. It was as if you weren't even there."Why am I the only one out of the loop here?" You were trying to keep the repressed frustration from your question; this was something else you were failing to do."You'll get used to it." Both mare chimed as one dual-voice. It made a shiver of inconfidence run down your spine. You were beginning to wonder just what in Tartarus you'd just gotten yourself into."Let's put this back on, shall we?" Suddenly came Cloudchaser's voice after she reached to the couch, procuring the little blanket with which she had blinded you earlier that day. Your heart jumped into your throat faster than you could blink as both mares began aiding each other in tying it around your eyes."'Put this back on?' You've blindfolded him before?" Flitter asked, sounding a bit concerned (and already just a little jealous) as she finished fastening the blanket around the back of your head."Oh, Flitter, you have no idea." Cloudchaser laughed. You knew she was probably just teasing her little sister at this point; you felt like interjecting, but Flitter was all too quick to try and handle herself."Okay, we need to talk about what you two did, 'cause all I got was him... um..." Flitter had sounded angry at first, but as she fumbled about, trying to label exactly what you did to her in a proper manner, she just came off sounding embarrassed."What? Him eating you?" Cloudchaser finished, her wording raunchy, her tone amused. You couldn't hear any verbal response from Flitter, but you could almost swear you felt a growing source of heat in her direction. She must have found the courage to nod, for the next words you heard were from Cloud. "Okay fine, You can have his--" Her grudging concession was interrupted with extreme prejudice before she could finish."Shhh! Not in front of him!" Flitter snapped right next to you ear, understandably causing you to flinch."Yeah, I am right here, you know. ...Totally don't want any say in where my d--""Oh, hush." Cloudchaser mumbled, carelessly putting a hoof to your mouth. "Well, where do you wanna talk about it then?""Back to the closet, it worked the first time, didn't it?" Flitter asked through a giggle. You were quite certain they both were far too excited, even about something like this. They both began trotting away, leaving you without the sight to even find the couch, the only thing prominent to any of your five senses being the rushed galloping of departing hooves."Oh, come on, wait!" You half-shouted after them, only for it to be blotted out by the slamming of the closet door.You were left to just sit there, alone and blind in the middle of the living-room. Those two mischievous twins had inadvertently spun you in so many different directions during their jaded debate, that you weren't even going to bother finding the couch. There you sat, trying desperately to figure out what any of their seemingly random words had meant or how they connected to your situation at all. "What was Cloud talking about with the bar pick-ups?" "How does it pertain to anything now?" "How could they possibly implement any method they would use in a bar here?" "Why did Flitter not want to talk about it in front of you?" "What was so important about their bar pick-ups as teenagers?" "Are they just trying to catch me off-guard?" They wouldn't do anything too dominative to me, would they?" "They're not gonna give me anything I can't handle, right?" All at once did your mind scream these million-and-one little questions at you, and you were powerless to answer any one of them. They were far too many. You didn't know, and the only ones who did had safely locked themselves away in their closet, deliberately keeping the answers from you. You gave a defeated sigh, plopping yourself back down on the floor from where you didn't know you'd been standing. A profound nervousness crept its way back into you, the same intense nervousness you'd felt earlier when Cloudchaser was upstairs, setting the scene for what would catalyze the events of this whole day. You felt very uncomfortable. Though the carpet was nice enough, the position you were sitting in was hurting your bad knee. You shuffled about in that one spot, vying to find a manner of sitting on flat ground without causing your poor throbbing knee anymore grief, for Celestia knows, it had already felt enough. You spent the near of a minute doing this just to find that curling up and laying on your side was as comfortable as it would get there on the ground."What could be taking them so long? They couldn't be planning something that big." You huffed barely aloud, defensively spreading your wings to cover your body like the blanket around your face was meant to be doing. You didn't know why you'd kept the blinder on, nor why you weren't trying to listen in on them. You didn't know whether that was owed to fatigue or sportsmanship. You decided on the former, as it had been a very strange, and exhausting day. Yet, as you sat there feeling sorry for your whole body, you knew it wasn't over. No, it wasn't over, not by a long shot. They both wanted you now, and they were each going to have you. Of this this you were quite certain.After what felt like a year, your ears perked up, catching the long-awaited sound of the closet doorknob turning, and then by the door opening up. You raised you head from its resting position, craning it to the direction of the doorway, only to feel a hoof lovingly touch your lips before you could open them to speak shortly thereafter."Shhh... it's okay, no need to panic." Cloudchaser's changed voice hit your ear. It reminded you more of this morning than anything else had since, and just the sound of it caused your forehead to start beading."I-I wasn't panicking; I was--." You words halted as a muzzle connected with your own. A friendly, familiar tongue danced its way into your lips to meet yours once again. You sighed through your nose, opening your mouth wider to accommodate Cloudchaser's to the fullest. You heard the mare give a giggly moan as she brushed against the inner side of your teeth, feeling her lips curl to a smile as they pressed against yours. Her tongue thoroughly traced the soft inside of your cheek as well as the bumpy roof of your mouth before deciding once again that your tongue was the most entertaining plaything there. The two of you commanded a beauteous frolic, twirling around one another and rubbing taste buds together, your lips slurping and smacking now and again. It was bliss. You wrapped an arm around her head, pulling her as deeply into the kiss as you could without causing pain. Cloudchaser was quick to do the same, placing both hooves on your cheeks, occasionally choosing to traverse your head, stroking your now-unkempt mane.As comfortable and content as you were to neck with the Pegasus the whole day through, your lungs were quickly beginning to burn out on you. That and you knew you had a show to start with them. You held the kiss as long as you possibly could, causing Cloudchaser to break the kiss, breathing like she would after a hard day at work. "You have... great... lungs." Cloud panted out, letting another giggle escape her throat. You smirked proudly, inhaling deeply yourself."Well yeah, I used to be on Cloudsdale's swim team. There, it's either get good lungs or drown." You chuckled, recalling the nostalgic memories fondly. "Why did you two leave me out here?" You asked the sudden question to the darkness, the blindfold still doing its job far too well."...Just talking about how to share you, babe." She cooed into your ear, her tongue brushing against it ever so slightly. That trick never seemed to loose its luster. You still gave a shiver of excitement in the act. Her sensuousness, the sheer lust in her voice, the thrill of what was to come with the both of them, you found the blood quickly began pumping to your member with a speed and readiness largely thanks to the release you'd denied yourself earlier for Flitter."A-and you two... decided what?" You stuttered nervously, feeling your cheeks burning a bright, shiny red. Cloudchaser gently directed you onto your side, then moved to hover over you, eventually laying her body down lightly on top of you. Fur merged with fur as she softly ground her form against yours. You gave a resigned sigh at the warmth of the mare atop your side, relaxing and letting your head gently come to rest on the carpeted floor. You were surprised at how nice it actually felt considering its scant simplicity.The mare above you gave out a most feminine groan, though you could tell it hadn't been out of any physical pleasure. No, this had surely been from a memory in her own head. She pressed her heated body as closely against you as she could, bringing her panting mouth up to yours before speaking. "Oh, you're gonna love it." She moaned her words, as if she were already in the throes of intercourse. "....But, I can't tell you just yet; it's a surprise." She gave your cheek a firm, teasing lick after breathing her teasing words."C--can't I at least get a hint?" You asked somewhat timidly, tilting your head until you were once again muzzle-to-muzzle with the seductive mare.Cloudchaser flicked her tongue across your lips, causing you to open them, expectant of yet another kiss. Instead of kissing you however, the mare only licked your tongue as you held your mouth open. You quickly got the idea and began dancing your muscle around hers as hot, steamy breaths were bountifully exchanged, you two's adventurous muscles free of the insides of either of your muzzles. The raw passion of the act combined with the thrilling promise of what was about to happen was almost too much for you to handle. You felt ready to jump out of your own skin. The lewd, open-air Prench kiss ended when Cloud pulled her tongue back into her mouth, giving an almost feral groan as she exhaled. "Don't worry; you won't have to wait much longer." She started grinding herself into you a bit more roughly than before, as if trying to get herself off just by contact with your body alone. "...Buck... Come on, Flitter, can't you hurry it up?!""No patience, no patience at all from you..." Came Flitter's rushed and exasperated philippic to her sister's impatient whinge, her hoof steps audibly trekking across the room. If you didn't know any better, you'd have thought that they sounded muffled by something for some reason. "Your turn, then we can finally get this started.""...about bucking time..." Cloudchaser mumbled, springing off of you in a second. Though she stole away from you with purpose, you could just tell that every single fiber in her being was already more than willing to ravage you."Her turn for what?" You asked, turning your head to where you suspected Flitter was then standing."You'll see in a minute." Flitter spoke softly and kindly to you as her wing draped lightly over your stomach, both her tone and presence already feeling starkly different from that of the demanding, carnally needy Cloudchaser. The neatly preened feathers on your exposed barrel tickled you more than you thought they would, coaxing a light laugh from you before you could suppress it. In reflex, you quickly laid your hooves over the wing, hoping to prevent her from moving it even by an inch. "Oooh! Ticklish, are we?" She responded, quick to pick up your urgency."Oh, come on! I'm blind right now; how is that even fair?!" You retorted in a hurry, trying to make a fair point before the mare did anything more. The lovely sound of Flitter's giggle filled your ears before she spoke back."Fine, but next time will be different." Flitter sighed as she shifted about, coming to rest on her belly right beside you. You instantly rolled to face her, enveloping the entirety of her form in your wings, making sure her own were still placed comfortably at her sides. As you clung to her dearly, You felt a velvety type of cloth, much akin silk adorning her hooves. Curious, You traced cautiously across her Cutie Marks with searching hooves, earning a chaste shiver from Flitter."Even blindfolded... I can still see how beautiful you are." You whispered to her, smiling warmly as you touched the tip of your nose to hers. You knew for a fact that she absolutely adored romantic (and what could technically be considered cheesy) lines such as these, and if you did say so yourself, it became you quite nicely. You dug your hooves into her marks rather roughly after your statement had ended, not only eliciting a soft unsteady whimper from Flitter, but finding that the same materiel lacing her hooves was also covering the inner, more sacred part of her thighs and rump. It seemed as though Flitter had just gotten into Cloudchaser's lingerie collection. Coming to think of it, you inferred that this was the reason her hoof falls fell nearly silent to your ears, muffled as she'd entered the room, and you also deduced the reason they both were taking turns briefly leaving the room. They were dressing themselves up for you.Considerably more content with at least knowing a tidbit of their little game, you decided not to give it much more thought, given that the ravishing body here before you proved much more permeative to your mind than anything else. You continued feeling the little Pegasus up; you could hardly wait for the both of them to be ready. These sister were bad for you, and you couldn't even come close to giving a flying feather."Oh, Celestia!" Flitter gasped, clenching her flanks as you began caressing them all the harder. "W-wait a minute... once Cloud gets done... you can m-make me yours.""Do I have to wait that long?" You breathed the question, lowering you head to her neck. You gave her warm, titillating throat a gentle nibble and began suckling on her furred skin as she tried semi-incoherently to reason with your primal impatience."You already made C-Cloud yours... Oh! I can't wait for this!" Flitter seemed to groan out over half of her words, any reasoning she might have once had all but melting away as her body spurred you to press on. She clutched at your sides with her stockinged hooves and pulled her petite body to press wantonly against your own, gyrating herself against you just to feel your coarser coat pierce her much softer fur. You soon felt the mounds of her pantie-clad treasury sliding across your right thigh, and you could swear that the thick silk was already damp. You continued to nip and nibble at her neck, keeping your hooves glued obsessively to her supple haunches, molding and squeezing her plush cheeks to your contentment. Flitter panted into your ear, squirming around in your embrace, desperately trying to get somehow closer to your body, even though it was an impossibility for her to do so."Alright, alright, quit hogging him already and let's do this." The brief whooshing sound of wings on landing along with Cloudchaser's pumped voice alighted your ears, barely enough for you to notice with Flitter's near-swoon in your right one."Oh, thank Luna! Let's go!" Flitter rolled off of you and leaped into the air, nearly bumping into the ceiling, her wings keeping her aloft a good few feet above you. You, still being blind, still didn't have much of an idea of what was going on, despite your meager previous discovery. You immediately felt Flitter's silk hooves grasp your right fetlock, and the unmistakably rubbery clinginess of a latex glove seize your left, both staunchly different fetlocks pulling you quickly to your hooves. With you now firmly upright, still no more aware of your surroundings as when you were lying down, Flitter began guiding you from the front with her sweet, newly-perfumed tail, whilst Cloudchaser ushered you along by your backside in a rather suggestive fashion."Are you two gonna to do what I think you're gonna do?" You asked as you trotted up the stairs, Flitter's tail never unwrapping itself from the back of your neck."Depends... what do you think we're gonna do?" Cloudchaser asked, suddenly brushing an outstretched hoof against your sheath. You gave a short gasp at the sudden touch, feeling your blood flow begin to avert its course ever more urgently back to your nether regions. You had been right about her wearing latex gloves on her hooves, as not only did you hear a faint stretching sound coming from her forehoof, but it was impossible to mistake the material used to fondle you freely. It was strange, considering you never found a set of undergarments in her bottom drawer made of such a substance."If this whole day's been a dream, then for buck's sake don't wake me up..." You mumbled to yourself more than to the girls. Hearing your own voice, you were willing to admit that you were definitely on a high, as it sounded much more moonstruck than you'd expected. While Flitter couldn't hear you over her own labored breathing and nervous thoughts, Cloud could hear it plain as day. The mare skipped forward a bit so that she was at your side rather than behind you as she gave you a response that could only be described as confidence-shattering."Don't you worry, babe, the only thing you have to worry about is us wearin' you out."You could get used to this.Entering the room, your vision was a meld of both colors and fuzzy faces after your blindfold had been abruptly removed, each sister passionately locking lips with you one after the other as soon as the door to your guest bedroom had been impatiently kicked opened. You could barely tell which sister was which due to how forcefully and quickly they were taking turns, swapping you needily between them, your vision becoming nothing more than a lucid, lavender blur. You couldn't even tell who was pushing you or pulling you; "up" was "down" and "down" was "up" in your muddled, dissipated reality.That was, of course, until you hit the bed, the gravity of the moment crashing down on it with you.Your eyesight restored much of its former self as they both pushed you back-first onto your bed, your fizzled brain finally coming to as you looked to where you just were. There, at the foot of the bed, the two mares were lightly embracing themselves, rubbing their bodies together sensually, their sides turned toward you in a very provocative, sultry pose most assuredly for your viewing pleasure, both of them blasting you with the most bewitching sets of bedroom-eyes you'd ever seen. You could do nothing under their piercing, libidinous gazes; you couldn't even put on a dopey grin as you felt so thoroughly petrified by the Pegasus twins. The only thing you were able to miraculously do at the moment was to move your own eyes up and down to size up the two goddesses before you, gathering that each one was wearing a set of naughty bedroom wear you'd never seen before this very second.Flitter, to start with, seemed to veer more towards the angelic approach: Her mane was meticulously brushed, her usual pink satin bow replaced by one of white lace. Her pristine, refined coat seemed to shine in the dimly-lit room, snow-white socks hugging her graceful legs all the way up to the hips and lower shoulders, softly cradling her pert flanks. Talking of which, Flitter's rump itself was encased in the same white silken bikini bottoms you'd earlier felt with your hooves, the tastefully scant garments looking as though they'd been pulled up her back as far as they would go in order to show off her cutie marks, (amongt the accomplishment of other thinly-veiled goals.) The final of the vast and stunning features you noticed of the lithe, little Pegasus, was the deep, incandescent shade of violet eye shadow and the pair of small silver earrings fashioned modestly in the shapes of hearts.She did, indeed from tail to mane, take on a sort of beauty about which the angel ponies could sing lullabies.Cloudchaser, on the other hoof, was at the other end of that spectrum: Black, Wonderbolt jumpsuit-style materiel gloves slithered clear up to her torso from the very tips of her hooves, crowned in fishnet at the upper seams, cleverly matching the pair of fishnet stocking adorning her back legs like a second skin. The risque, tanga-style panties that (not-so) covered her flanks were an even tighter fit of the same, shiny latex as her gloves, squeezing snugly between her toned cheeks to make them look even more full and supple, (as if she needed any help in such a department.) Cloud had undoubtedly made sure not to shy away from the dominatrix look; sporting a black pleather choker around her neck made that point quite clear enough. Cloudchaser also had her own final touch in not only redefining her natural eyeliner-like pigmentation, but also in adding her own eye shadow. The eye shadow, like the rest of her ensemble of course, being pure inky black, only seemed to increase her authentic "Mare your mother warned you about" visage.In short, it was more than enough to give any grossly inexperienced colt a generous nosebleed.To your commendable credit, your mouth managed to open, even though no words came out of it. You were utterly speechless at how strikingly different, yet how drop-dead gorgeous both Pegasi were as pair. Briefly closing her eyes as she gave a self-satisfied chuckle, Cloudchaser's gaze then averted suddenly to her sister who then shortly looked back at her."You ready?" Cloud asked her confidently, her half-lidded eyes now zeroed in on her."...Just like old times." She replied after a determined nod. "Let's give him a double sample." Before you could guess their intentions, Cloudchaser closed in on her sister, Flitter already tilting her head in preparation, going as far forward as she needed. When their lips met, the collision was smooth and, to a certain extent, cautious, the contact more soft and affectionate than anything else. After a few moments of adjustment though, they were making out more passionately than you ever thought they could, their bodies squirming and gyrating with feeling and with purpose in tandem with one another, their forms in perfect harmony, the beautifully succulent noises they emitted with their glistening lips and moaning throats were like fine music to your ears.The wetted kissing, the erotic caressing, the husky, trembling breaths, if these mares were trying to give you a sensory overload, this was overkill. You were at the point where you legitimately didn't know if this was really happening or not, for it all just seemed too impossibly good to be true. Somewhere in the very back of your numbed mind was the small click of realization, the realization that it was precisely this that Cloudchaser was referring to when she spoke of the old ways they used to tease stallions at wild parties, and that any poor sod trying to weather their sensual show never stood a chance. After about a good minute, their lip-locking broke away, a small remnant of their torrid activity still lingering briefly on their heavily moistened lips, both of them panting mellowly, catching their breath as one smiled at the other."...That should do it... now he'll taste us both with every kiss." Flitter huffed softly, eliciting a nostalgic chuckle from Cloud."Yep, we still got it." She proclaimed triumphantly through a cocky grin. After you knew you'd witnessed the whole of their little show-off session, you let out a shocked, hopelessly overwhelmed little chuckle, finally able find your voice. "I--I take it that was that whole 'tease the stallions at the bar' thing?" You just barely managed to force it out of your intensely trembling core, probably sounding like a snarky idiot."Mmhmm..." Hummed Flitter affirmatively from the lips she was then licking clean of the "remnant" that had just settled there."What in Equestria did I ever do to deserve you two?" You asked them incredulously, genuinely unaware of whatever Olympian, heroic deed you ever did to become good enough to garner the affection of not just one, but both."Your dreamy charm and sense of humor." Answered one."The fact that you had the guts to let me at you." Answered the other.As they responded to you all but instantaneously, one after the other, you gave yet another little laugh, knowing that even deaf, just reading those words on some bland black-and-white page, you'd know which of them said what. It was true; you had earned Flitter's love and desire through jolly time spent in her company, and you had captured Cloudchaser's heart in an impetuous bout of vehement love-making. Trusting their sincere words, you went ahead with the improbable notion that you did indeed have the rightful key to the pleasure they were offering to you. So, with a beyond-raging erection, your conviction rejuvenated, and any potential guilt you might have thus felt about the implications of the whole situation curbed, you got the ball rolling."So.... which one do I get first?" You asked, pulling yourself into a sitting position against the bed's backboard, rubbing your hooves together greedily."Both of us." The sisters chimed together, both of them tittering at the shocked look of cracked confidence once again smearing itself all over your face."How am I--""Relax, we've got this all mapped out." Cloudchaser reassured you, crawling seductively up onto the bed to stand over you."Just lie back, and relax, sweetie." Flitter cooed, jumping up behind her sister to lay gracefully down on her belly like a cat, lowering her head to a poised, suggestive position between your hind legs."I hope your tongue isn't too sore from Flitter, 'cause it's my turn to play with it." Cloudchaser crooned, nuzzling you before directing your muzzle to face her own. Chaser's lust for a victorious tongue fight returned in full force as her greedy, lecherous lips forcefully mashed against yours, her enthusiastic pink muscle already attempting to pry your already-opening lips wider still. Cordially and inertly, you allowed the aggressive mare in, but only for a second before the sixth rematch that day of tonsil-hockey with the pushy Pegasus began.Again, Cloud learned the hard way that you just simply overall possessed more strength, taking ground from the mare in the first few seconds of the fight after a few slippery stumbles. You figured you'd just pick up where you two had left off before Flitter came home, moving both your hooves with clear intent to rest on the plush of her cutie marks. A shuddering Cloudchaser moaned into your mouth as you dug deeply and sensually into her haunches, every now and again greeting the marks with a feisty spank, heavily reminiscent of when you had first made love to her. Cloud's tongue shook from its master's climbing arousal, allowing you to push her muscle back even further, past the entrance to her mouth.After a few more seconds of this however, you suddenly lost a lot of territory as you felt the feeling of something warm and wet timidly brushing over your half-masted sheath. Flitter seemed to want to meet your deprived little friend, and it was very difficult to focus on trying to fight off Cloudchaser's formidable advances. Your phallus would ultimately lead to your downfall, for the pleasure Flitter brought you by dragging her eager tongue across your newly-erected member as it exited your sheath proved far too distracting for you to really focus on anything else. You grew weaker and more inconsistent from Flitter's teasing treatments, and it was something Cloud took full advantage of, pushing you completely back into your mouth. In an obvious gesture of rubbing it in, Cloudchaser then attempted to gag you, shoving her victorious taster as far down your throat as she could (Which is to say, considering the average length of a pony's tongue, quite the distance.) Her new, barbaric trick eventually coaxed a garbled cough from you before she broke the kiss with an air of haughty pride, your expression one of mild surprise as the both of you panted hot, steamy breaths into your open mouths.A long lick from the base of your standing spear up to its flared tip reminded you well of the mare between your legs, forcing an involuntary groan from your throat. "Try not to have a heart-attack on us, okay?" Cloudchaser said, sniggering a bit as she she watched the ecstasy on your face. You could do nothing but grit your teeth and nod as Flitter suckled hungrily at the sensitive tip of your wood. "Good; we're just getting started."You let your head fall back onto the pillow as Flitter began to take more of your phallus past her lips, plunging around three inches into her muzzle before pulling back. Her virgin mouth felt wonderful, with the vague exception of the occasional tooth brushing lightly against your flare. You could hardly blame the inexperienced mare, considering this was undoubtedly her first time doing something like this. You actually felt like commending her, as this was no frivolous feat for a mare who likely hadn't even been intimately touched by a stallion until just a few minutes ago. Your focus was then suddenly pulled from your serviced member back to Cloudchaser as she began turning around, leaving her stupendous, scantly-clad rear-end hovering a mere foot over your face, her back skillfully arched to show it off in such a way as to make it the most alluring sight in all of Equestria. As you lay there, immensely enjoying the first-rate view, you soon spied her hoof reaching back to the base of her tail, pulling a partially concealed zipper downward on the skimpy latex panties, her moist flower temptingly bursting forth from the oppressive confines of the skin-tight fabric with a relieved, limpid wink.Without a second's hesitation, Cloudchaser spread her legs wider apart, lewdly pulling the split sides of the underwear apart as well. "...Hope you're thirsty, baby." She panted out in a voice that would give lust a bad name, not giving you much time to respond at all before lowering her dripping nether lips onto your stunned muzzle. Cloud moaned in a labored sigh at the touch of your mouth to her crotch, the same familiar, ever-so-desired taste of salted grapefruit hitting your taste buds as you wasted no time in dancing them all over her.A loud, muffled groan escaped you directly into Cloud's marehood, its vibrations tremoring through her pelvis as you found the task of ignoring your aching member to be nearly impossible. Flitter's teasings seemed to bare no end, her ministrations no apex. Her muzzle would force down your phallus so far, but then desist before it reached anywhere near the base. Her speed reached its rhythm at a semi-respectable pace, but it was not quite fast enough to drive you to the cusp of your pleasure. After a few more moments of this blissful agony, you quickly gathered that the distracted pattern you had of just making half-hearted circles around Cloudchaser's outer labia was tormenting her as much as Flitter was tormenting you; that was, if Cloud's frustratedly aroused moans were anything to go by. You tried once more to redouble both your efforts and your focus on that tantalizingly tangy, grapefruit-flavored love tunnel on top of you. Taking a deep breath, you pushed your muzzle deeper into Cloud's depths, performing increasingly erratic twirls and twists against her inner walls with your long, quivering muscle. Cloud let loose a long moan of relief as she clutched her involuntarily flexing lower belly, at long last feeling what she'd been expecting from you all along. As much as you desperately wanted to keep on discovering new maneuvers to impel within her, you simply could not concentrate on the needy Pegasus resting atop your muzzle quite long enough. A vexing lick here, a mellow suckle there, a struggled inch down her throat, try as she might, Flitter simply couldn't lead you to release at the speed she was going, and it was beginning to annoy both of you. Flitter steadily became more jerky with her movements, her tongue growing more erratic, and her gagging becoming more frequent over time. Alas, try as the poor mare might, she simply couldn't get to your base without sounding like she was choking to death. As Flitter continued to fumble about with new tactics in the next minute in order to please you, you both found that there was scarcely any method more effective than the last.You gave a resigned, humming sigh into Cloud's tunnel, retracting your tongue and muzzle from it to pull her clitoris into your mouth, intent on at least finishing her off. Unlike Flitter, Cloud didn't really reach her peak as soon as you began to suckle on the extremely sensitive nub. The rapturous cries were nice to hear, but it took a full minute and a half of you doing nothing but humming vibrations, abusing her button, and occasionally lifting a hoof to rub at her folds for her to finally reach climax. When it finally arrived, just as you had done with Flitter, you opened your mouth, your lips pursing densely as you cupped securely over her spasming, releasing flower, suckling at her urethra as hard as you could, your snout still thrashing side-to-side in small, meaningful movements to keep friction on the nub. Cloudchaser's tongue-lolling orgasm was, despite its obvious intensity, noticeably lesser when it came to the amount of its culmination than Flitter's was, but you merely chalked that up to Flitter being a bit less used to sexual stimulation. As Cloudchaser noisily released a slightly smaller dose of her precious honey, you found it considerably easier to consume it all, and it was just as robustly tangy and delectable as you'd remembered from the laden hoof she'd earlier shoved into your unsuspecting maw that morning.Cloudchaser gave a sensitive, high-pitched whimper as you roughly freed her opening of your sealed lips with a loud, wet smack, the satisfied mare huffing and panting whilst her trembling back legs were barely able to keep her lower body from collapsing back down onto your face. A soft, contented groan came from the mare before she eventually stepped away to fall onto her side next to you, momentarily tuckered out."F... Flitter... you... doing alright?" Cloudchaser tried to speak, still slowly catching her breath as she nuzzled her matted body up next to you closely. It's a fairly good thing her eyes were closed, for that spared her of the frustrated death glare her sister shot in her direction, not even giving the time or day to remove your shaft from her mouth to grace her oblivious question with an answer."You're doing great, Flitters." You quickly reassured her, knowing her mired predicament as you wrapped a distracted wing around Chaser. The two of you cuddled for a few short seconds while Flitter continued to bob lightly up and down your wood to little avail, your member throbbing wantonly in the silky confines of her muzzle, begging desperately to be simulated just a hair more."Try pushing it into your throat and holding it there, Sis." Cloud said, sincerely trying to aid her little sister in performing her very first oral service. Flitter gave her sister a wide-eyed look, as if asking if she was serious. "Come on, you can do it. It'll get him off in seconds with how tight your throat is."Flitter swallowed loudly and took another long look at the saliva-slicked phallus now growing a tad colder in the bedroom's cooler air,  then, rousing her courage and giving you one last look of confidence, she placed her mouth around the flare and aggressively shoved her muzzle down into your fur-tufted crotch, her chin successfully touching your balls. Instantly you felt Flitter's gullet twist and convulse violently around you, attempting to push you back out, but Flitter held herself at your base, her front hooves wrapping themselves underneath you, clinging tightly to your rump to hold herself down. Tears trickled down the mare's cheeks as she gagged nearly non-stop around the sizable intruder in her throat. The tingles you felt there were amazing, the pressure unrivaled. You heard yourself moan louder than you'd expected you would as she fidgeted around you, moving your member deep within her by trivial inches here and there. At that moment, her gagging and convulsing were the last spikes in pleasure you required. You were on a crash-course with a much desired release, and there was no stopping you now. Without any more ado, you subconsciously grabbed hold of her head, your hooves finding no trouble in acting by themselves, and viciously bucked upward into her muzzle as your tip flared with pure stimulation, locking itself indelibly in her throat. Flitter's eyes turned the size of dinner plates, for she knew right then that it was impossible to remove your spear from her esophagus without hurting herself.You almost felt bad for doing what you just did, a small feeling of guilt birthing in the back of your murky, muddled mind, but before you could think of anything else, before this would-be pang of guilt became large enough to come into your focus, like a flash you recalled Flitter's diary for a second time. You began to remember reading all about the various kinds of rough, almost BDSM-like things she wished you would do to her, how she dreamt desperately that you would just take her and do whatever you wanted with her, how she wanted you to use her, and suddenly, you didn't feel so bad anymore. In fact, you felt as though you were more pleasing her than her pleasing you at that moment, for what you were doing to her right then seemed to fit her lucid descriptions like one of Cloud's latex gloves. So without any further inhibition, you resumed your semi-rough treatment, allowing a grunt or two as you slammed yourself into her mouth over and over again, hilting each and every time, your climax upon you.Cloudchaser watched with baited breath, touching herself quite vigorously to the scene playing out before her, joining in the chorus of squelching gags and stallionly grunts with soft vocalizations of her own. Your knee fired another jolt of pain as you bucked upward for one of the final times, but it was so insignificant that it took almost no effort to screen it out completely. Your body was far too engulfed in the bliss of sweet release for you to even notice it. Flitter's eyes rolled back in her head as your member expanded, cutting off much of the air from her lungs. You hit your release with a primal growl through harshly clinched teeth, your nethers convulsing rhythmically, your seed shooting straight from your body into her stomach. Both the event of Flitter catching you and Cloud in the heat of flagrante delicto, and the painful denial you'd put yourself through earlier as you ate Flitter out leaving you mercilessly blue-balled, the orgasm was one of the most powerful you'd ever experienced in your life, especially since the pain in your leg offered virtually no annoyance to you. You were quite sure she'd feel full after this one. After you were finally done, your back collapsed limply onto the bed from the sharp arch you didn't know it'd made. Your hooves finally releasing the mare as they slid off the back of her head, you reveled dearly in your orgasm's wake for but a few more seconds as she still clung to you lovingly, the fed mare sighing dreamily through her nose as your member was still buried in her gullet slowly going soft.It would never really get that chance though, as much of your shaft's former stature was anomalously revived by the feeling of Flitter tentatively pulling off of you, slowly and carefully dragging the flared head along the sides of her fairly impacted throat. Flitter took in a deep, gasping breath as soon as you popped free of her lips, only to exhale it in the form of a coughing fit. She flopped onto your barrel, pinning your half-hard wood between your fur and her own as she continued to hack. "How did I *cough* how did I do?" She managed to ask, the tears just then starting to cease their continual fall from her eyes as she returned briefly to her coughing fit afterward."Oh, you did great, Sis." Cloudchaser moaned out, marveling at just how pleasurable the whole scene was, especially with the help of her still-busy hoof."...You did perfectly." You said with a smile, gently hoisting Flitter up onto your chest. She gave out one more wheezy cough before nuzzling into you neck, sighing again in slightly exhausted relief."So, how did that feel, Flit?" Cloudchaser asked in the manner of a mischievous, gossiping minx, an anxious, devious grin unable to keep itself from her muzzle. "How'd he taste?"Your hearing coming back into full focus, it returned just in time for you to grimace at Cloud's wording, your face turning more crimson than when you were in the act itself."It... it kinda hurt." Flitter spoke, barely above a whisper as her cheeks burned to match yours. "And... my stomach feels... kinda bloated." She said, rubbing her barrel and casting her eyes down to your chest fur, failing to suppress an almost fangirl-like giggle. "I didn't really get to taste much of it, but the little I did... wasn't how I expected.""Was it salty, bitter, or sweet?" Cloud asked as you noticed her tail wagging a little like Applejack's dog; she was clearly having way too much fun with this."Do we really need to discuss this now... or ever?" You tried to butt in, only for Cloud to shove a distracted right hoof into your mouth, the same hoof she'd been touching herself with. Upon discovering this, you didn't bother removing it until you'd cleansed it of all her sweet, familiar essence, just as you had the first time. Cloud truly must have been dead set on hearing her sister's gossipy tidbits, for she didn't even notice the whole time you were doing it."Well, it was all pretty subtle.... It was really... sweet actually, but only with... like a tinge of tart in there somewhere." Flitter sported a shy, yet excited smile as she continued to whisper her sentences, no doubt trying to give her throat a rest."Hmm... must have been all those strawberry/banana protein shakes I drank last week." You thought to yourself as Chaser withdrew her shiny hoof from between your teeth."Buck me..." Cloudchaser groaned as she continued subconsciously fiddling with herself, only growing more aroused by Flitter's description. Flitter reached back with a soft, well-groomed, caressing hoof to rub at your nethers, slowly and surely getting you back up and ready for what you guessed would be another go. You didn't mind. In fact, prior to that day, you hadn't had anything to relieve yourself but your own hoof for a very long time; you were more than willing to engage in a couple more steamy jaunts with the girls."Well, I'm ready for Round Two, how 'bout you guys?" Cloud asked you two with a giddy grin, your member twitching visibly in Flitter's hoof, standing at full mast, giving her a very clear answer."Let's give Flitter a break, shall we? She is a little new to this." You suggested, reaching around and cuddling the small mare on your chest all the closer to you, the mare in your arms gladly returning the affection, rubbing her face into your neck like a cat. You knew what sex for the first time felt like, for after all, you'd been a virgin once too. In fact, you'd been a virgin when you first moved to Ponyville. Unfortunately for you, being a virgin and all, you never even stood a chance up against somepony like Cloud Kicker's advances. That would've been fine, of course, if you didn't find out days later from the weather team that she's made a professional hobby out of sleeping with new ponies for a long time running. In short, you knew the indescribable rush one could experience to be sudden, overwhelming, and overall draining. Though, you would probably never know exactly what Flitter was feeling like after something like that. Almost immediately after you'd made your lenient suggestion, the mare in question brought her head up off your chest, her eyes springing back open."I don't need a break." Flitter piped up quickly as she moved your hoof to touch her lower lips, her voice still just a bit hoarse from before. When your hoof returned to your line of sight absolutely soaked in Flitter's dripping fluid, you had no doubt in your mind that having your phallus culminate profusely deep down her muzzle turned her on more than anything else in the world, especially with the way you'd treated her mouth like a toy. "Time for you to break me in, my stallion..." She whispered to you, goadingly rubbing her body against yours. "...time for you to claim me.""Aww! No fair! You just had your turn with his dick!" Cloudchaser whined, giving your spear emphatic tap with her hoof, the sudden stimulation earning a meager wince from you."We talked about this in the closet: You got his... penis, this morning, so I get it twice now." Flitter huffed, rubbing her neck as she spoke. "You can have him all to yourself after this.""Oh, fine..." Cloud grumbled dejectedly, lowering her head to the level of her now-tensed shoulders. "...but good luck losing your V-card to this thing, you're gonna need it." She said with ruthless grin as she gestured to your stallionhood, prompting her sister to gulp loudly. "He actually surprised me the first time." You honestly had no idea why they were choosing to make such a big deal out of this; you knew you were not much larger than any other stallion by any means. You were becoming fairly certain that Cloud had had rather unlucky samplings of that aspect in the past, and to be frank, considering that she was right here in front of you, single and yearning to rut you senseless to-boot, you figured she'd most likely had pitiful samplings in every aspect of a stallion."I... I fit him in m-my mouth; how hard could it be?" Flitter asked with a hastily mustered determination, the subconscious chewing of her lower lip denoting undeniable nervousness, already answering the question she'd just asked in her reeling mind."Oh, relax." Cloudchaser finally said, as if helping her sister to zone back into reality as she hopped off the bed to saunter over to the cloud chair in one of the corners of the room. Pulling herself up onto the seat to assume quite the risque pose, her hind legs splayed out revealing her crotch for all to see, she squirmed just momentarily to adjust her stiffened wings. "First times aren't as painful as they say; most of 'em are just pansies who like to over-dramatize everything for a good story."You glared at her, knowing full well she was lying. Still, despite your inference, you kept your mouth shut, not wanting to scare Flitter into not doing this at all. As if to add to any feelings of guilt you knew you were about to feel, the vengeful succubus sitting over in the cloud chair acted like she was rubbing her nose, only to wink slyly at you with a smirk through her seemingly innocent gesture a moment later."O-okay... not as painful... right." Flitter mumbled to herself, looking far too consumed with her own thoughts before turning to look at you, ruffling her wings in an awkward manner to match her expression. "So, um..." She paused to briefly look over at Cloudchaser, blushing furiously before leaning toward you so her muzzle was next to your ear, her next words only for you. "Can... can w-we do it in the um... missionary position?" She asked, slowly backing away from your ear, the nervous-yet-hopeful grin on her face still present."Buck..." You mumbled quietly under your breath. You knew that something like that was coming. Your leg had been fine so far, but would it hold up while you took the lead? That was the question, but you knew it didn't matter if it could or not; you simply had to do it. You had to do this for her. You knew the excitement and anxiety she was feeling, and you were not about to say no to her when she had just asked it of you so sweetly, especially with how disappointing your first time had turned out to be.Suffice to say, Flitter deserved this, and you planned on giving it to her, no matter the cost.You grit your teeth, steeling yourself for what you determinedly were about to do, when suddenly something occurred to you, something you hadn't considered implicating before, something that would definitely help you to do this. A week after the day of your injury, Nurse Redheart had sent you home from the hospital with a removable cast for your ligament, an adjustable one that could be pulled off and put back on at the whim of its wearer. Remembering this, You gave a hopeful smirk; you knew that cast could at least keep you from re-tearing the ligament, and possibly make it a little less painful for you to be on top.At least, that was your theory. "Sure thing, Flitter.""Really?!" Flitter's eyes lit up at your acceptance, her wings giving a flap in excitement as she released the breath she'd held in."Yep, I'll do it, but... I think we'll need to go break out that cast Redheart gave me.""Oohh, okay, just gimme a second." Flitter said as she spun around and hopped off the bed, a bubbly simper glued to her muzzle. Much to your elation, her voice had returned to normal; you could hardly wait for what was to happen next. You wanted her to be able to be as vocal as she wanted to during this, and you wanted to listen to every second of it.With a joyous bounce, Flitter bounded off the bed and skidded to a halt at the closet door. The cast had been left in your guest bedroom in case you ever needed it, though you hadn't really worn it nearly in a week. Your leg had looked to be convalescing quiet well, but you knew your recent love-making with Cloudchaser had been less than invaluable to your recovery period. Still, like any other stallion would, if you had the chance to turn back the hands of time and do something differently, you'd have told that chance to go buck itself."Why didn't I think to get that?" Cloudchaser asked herself with a small frown. "I didn't hurt you during our roll in the hay this morning, did I?"You gulped loudly. "N-no, not at all; it was just that one time." You answered calmly like you were trying to think back on it, using the tip of your wing to brush the sweat from your forehead in a disguising gesture."Good, Celestia, that would've been awful." She muttered, chuckling to herself, blissfully ignorant in her relief. You'd once heard a saying that some ponies deserved better than the truth on occasion; you now understood why you had heard it."So... how long are you two planning on ganging up on me?" You asked her, genuinely curious as to what these mares had in store for you in your attempt to change the subject."Well, after you pop Flitter's cherry, I have one more thing I wanna do with you." She hummed with a pair of half-lidded eyes, holding a sultry smile on her muzzle. She was almost bewitching as she stared at you, her predatory gaze making you feel like you were her lunch. Your heart didn't know whether to stop out of inconfidence or fear of the unknown, or to beat faster from tortuous anticipation. "Oh... okay, I'm probably not gonna get an answer, but what did you have in—""Found it!" Flitter rang out as she jumped from the closet, holding a large, white, shell of a pony's hind leg up in her wing triumphantly. "It was in the laundry basket."Mentally face-hoofing yourself, you remembered placing it there at the bottom of the laundry hamper to hide it from Flitter, who had been insisting you wear it anytime you could. You knew the sisters had only one laundry basket around the house and that it ended up transported here and there randomly, almost always in possession of whomever had last used it, therefore, you knew if you hid it there under the all the snow-dampened jackets and stained, sweaty jerseys that the season had brought with it, it stood a better chance of being buried and forgotten than anywhere else. Why go through all this effort to hide it? The answer was simple. You hated it. You hated everything about it. It was itchy, rough, bulky, and it never failed to chafe miserably against your upper thigh when worn. You had despised it the moment Doctor Stable had put it on you, and you still glared at it with disdain now as you removed your hoof from your forehead."...And why were you looking for it in the laundry hamper?" You pressed, actually wanting to know the reasoning behind the decision. "Because Cloudchaser saw you throw it there." Flitter responded, deciding to come clean with an admonishing glare of her own directed toward you. "She told me, but also made me swear not to say anything to you.""You're welcome." Cloud chimed with self-satisfied grin."Why would you hide it in there?" Flitter asked with a bit of distaste, sniffing the cast briefly before pulling her head away from it rather abruptly. "It smells like Cloud after Hoofball now..." Flitter said with grimace on her face, very quick to place it on the bed in front of you before wiping off the wing she'd been holding it with on the lower part of the bedsheet."Oh, Hey! You act like you smell like roses after a game, Miss Primpy!" Cloudchaser accused indignantly. You ignored the two of them as you quietly set about the ever-so-delicate process of getting off the bed to stand up straight, consequently earning a small cramp from your knee due it locking up from its old position. Flitter was right, it did sort of have the same scent as Cloudchaser did that morning. Obviously though, you didn't mind, as it was the least of your problems.Getting it on by yourself (aka: without the aid of one of the bickering girls) was at the top of your list of worries at the moment.Whilst the girls persisted in throwing demeaning shots back and forth at one another loosely along the lines of which smelled worse after a Hoofball game, you were unceremoniously left to the task of maneuvering the cast onto your leg. The cast was made to open up at its back, and to be snapped snugly back together by three metal clasps. It was rather unique in design, having been molded to fit your leg, and it was tight enough not to slip off once locked in place. However, every time it had been on you before, another pony always had to put it on for you. Never once had you even tried to don it alone.You tried lying back on the bed to pull it on like the leg of a pair of pants, but it was built to hug your leg tightly once it was on; it was impossible to slip into it without opening it first. Casting that method aside, you sat up on your haunches, undoing the three clasps and pulling the cast apart. You tried to place one half under your leg and the other over it. You managed to reach around and fasten the two locks nearest to the top, but your forehooves were simply not long enough to reach the lock on the bottom of the cast. No matter how hard you tried, you just couldn't bend your leg to give yourself a good enough angle to secure the last clamp.It was during your unproductive flailings with the infernal thing that you accidentally bashed your leg into the nearby nightstand, intaking a loud hiss of air through your gnashing teeth at the horrid shock shooting up your now-encased knee. The one upside to the comically pained grunt that escaped your throat, was that it caused the distracted mares to finally take notice of you."Oh, you dummy!" Cloudchaser chuckled, trotting over to you."Oh! Why didn't you say you needed help?" Flitter asked, that same worry you were so used to in her voice."I didn't think this cast was impossible to get on by yourself!" You growled as you clenched your jaw shut as hard as you could, the pain in your leg taking its sweet time in subsiding. Cloudchaser got to you and was able to connect the final clasp with a small click before helping you to sit back up at the bed's edge."Alright, now hurry it up, you two." Cloud spoke as she sauntered back to her cloud seat, assuming the exact same position she'd been in before, her hoof at the ready. "I want more than just a show before we call it a day."You looked to Flitter as you stood back up, gently directing her with a wing over to the bed. She stopped briefly at the foot of it, nervously hesitating as she took in a deep, calming breath. Exhaling, she leaped up onto the cushy mattress like a kitten. Right as she did this, you caught a small glance of her nether folds, glimpsing that they were not only dripping in her liquid excitement, but also slightly inflamed like a mare's in estrus would be. You licked your dry lips at the tantalizing sight, vividly recalling the exquisite taste of the beautiful mare. Once on the bed, she was slower in her movements, as if trying desperately to delay what was to inevitably happen for as long as she could in her nervous state. Taking a little longer than she should have, Flitter ultimately reached the pillows to flop onto her back, her head nestling comfortably into them. For a small moment, as she looked up at the ceiling from where she lay, you saw her almost smile, as if things weren't going to be so bad, but as she saw you climb up onto the bed yourself, the poor mare froze, unable to allow the smile onto her face or to keep the trembling from her hooves as they joined her wings and tail in instinctively blocking her most private parts. Her face looked crimson as a fresh beet as she merely stared shyly back at you, as if timidly asking with her eyes when (or if) you were ready for her to open up for you.You did not speak, nor urge her to reveal herself in any way. Your only action was to softly remove her defensive hooves and wings yourself, earning a small whimper from the lithe Pegasus over whom you stood as you kept your eyes locked. Flitter's face displayed many emotions as you softly spread her wings across the mattress: Fear, confliction, excitement, even a faint glimmer of skittish happiness at your carefully prying hooves. Though, to your displeasure, it was helplessness that was the emotion most clear upon her features."Relax, Flitter... It's alright; I'll be careful." You reassured her, giving the mare your very best comforting smile. Your words didn't do that much other than to weaken the grip her crossed back legs had on each other, but that was all they needed to accomplish. Once you had positioned her in a perfect spread-eagle on the bed, you took a small half-step back to admire the mare's youthful beauty. Her nervous lip-biting, her shimmering, soulful, pleading eyes, and her burning red cheeks added a level of adorability the likes of which could only be achieved by a mare with a bow atop her head. As you looked her over reverently, Her wings twitched unsteadily, allowing you to see every muscle in them as they tensed and flapped. Her chest rose and fell in uneven patterns, sweat rapidly beginning to manifest through her fur. Your eyes wandered wistfully downward to her marehood, which was still just as aroused as before. "Maybe, in some weird way, she actually likes feeling like this..." you thought as you continued to stare. Looking down at her small treasure, you were reminded that this would be the first (and probably only) mare you would deflower in your lifetime. She was about to surrender her ultimate gift to you, and it would be a disreputable lie to say that you weren't honored. What little there was of Flitter's confidence must have waned completely when you'd stopped looking into her eyes, for not long after, you were pulled from your reverie when she bashfully hid her glowing red face behind her hooves."Try n-not to stare for t-too long..." Flitter forced the words from her mouth, the poor flustered thing squirming and writhing uncomfortably under your seemingly intense gaze. Feeling a bit sheepish yourself, you were just starting to close in on her when Cloudchaser furthered her sister's request."Yeah, quit ogling and get the show started." Cloud groaned out, her hoof having already busied itself in playing with her private parts. A soft, bassy moan escaping her lips as she touched herself.She and her sister were more different than night and day; this could not be denied, and if you were ever sure of anything, it was that there would never be a single dull moment with them as your lovers."Alright, alright..." You mumbled through an embarrassed light-hearted grin. You lowered yourself into a crouching position over Flitter, lining your face up with hers. Desperate to calm herself, the little mare tried delicately taking deep breaths as you settled down on her, but for her efforts, her heart still kept racing unbearably. You could feel it with your chest now against hers, not only beating like a rabbit's, but pounding like a hammer against a thin wall. You felt it so clearly as you looked down into her eyes again, the daintily warm gusts of air from her increasingly labored breathing alighting erratically upon your chin. Making sure your weight was distributed evenly over her, you dipped your head ever-slowly downward to rub her nose to yours, giving a flippant chuckle at how wide and anxious her glazed eyes had become before you blithely brought your lips to hers.At first, you did nothing but kiss her tenderly, taking it slower than the last time, savoring and sharing in the moment, allowing her to become comfortable with just the warm touch of another pony, the bare and exhilarating presence of a looming lover. Flitter moaned quietly through her nose as she willingly surrendered herself to the purity of the kiss. Just before you thought about escalating things with the use of your tongue, you felt her beat you to it, her eager, wriggling muscle knocking on your parting lips. You opened up to her, greeting her in full. Flitter had not even attempted holding her breath as the two of you continued, most likely instantly perishing the very thought of such as she huffed brazenly through her nostrils, occasionally making great use of the small, fleeting gaps appearing in between your muzzles every now and again as you passionately mashed them together in tandem. It was a strange, dizzying, and yet invigorating sensation, considering you had never before been with a mare who breathed so heavily in making out before. So intoxicating, almost suffocating, this was just another instance in the multitude of that day where you didn't at all mind your breath being taken away."Mmm... now we're talkin'..." Cloudchaser's husky, pleasure-laden voice interrupted any lack of thought you had, steadily shattering the melting feeling of a stark, two-pony romance. You felt Flitter shrink away a bit under your form, transparently telling you she had completely forgotten that her sister was even in the room. The saucy audience was very unwanted by the mare underneath you, bidding her anxiety to return to her.Gently and grudgingly, you broke the kiss, making sure to give her tongue one final flick with your own before withdrawing to catch your breath, that ever-so-classic, wet connection still lingering ephemerally between you, leaving her shuddering from the raw sensation. Though you'd stopped kissing her, you could still relish the feeling of every inch of her quaking, shivering body against every inch of yours, making your shaft throb in anticipation for what was to come. "...You ready?" You kindly asked her, nuzzling her cheek. Flitter didn't answer back, instead placing all her flighty attention into returning your nuzzle at the moment. She even decided to get a little bold, granting your cheek a few dry licks from her softly panting mouth.When Flitter wanted to answer, when you lifted your head to ask her again not with your voice, but with your eyes, all you received  in response was quiet and inconfident stammering. She was trying to convey all the words she wanted to say at once, and she just couldn't seem to start the right sentence. "Come on; I'm all for the whole romantic suspense thing, but buck's sake, just rut her already..." Came the groaning Cloudchaser, sounding all the more needy and devoid of patience. Flitter stopped her word fumbling to give her sister a harsh glare before turning back to you and nodding."Okay, here we go." You said, your phallus giving a disruptive throb of impatience. You lined the little pervert between your legs up with her entrance, just grazing the tip against her burning folds. You heard Flitter's small gasp at the touch of your erection's head, grasping her fetlocks around your shoulders, doing her best to prepare for the plunge as she clung to you for dear life.You kissed her cheek lightly, resting your head atop her left shoulder as you made sure to push yourself forward very slowly. You squeezed about two inches into her before halting momentarily to give her a break, basking in the comparatively paltry sample of her unsullied virgin passage. She was unbelievably constrictive, and you could just tell from the moment you felt in her that she had almost no control over the her already-twitching muscles. Some were trying to coax more of you into her, whilst others were defiantly and fearfully trying to keep you out, some even trying to accomplish both. It took more effort than you thought you would've required to keep yourself driving deeper into her writhing walls as you involuntarily let forth a gasp of you own at how prematurely and unexpected  the pleasure her flesh was bringing unto you truly was.The Pegasus under you understandably reacted a trifle differently to the mutual feelings than you did. Flitter's breath hitching repeatedly and stubbornly in her battered throat, it was a nigh impossibility to calm herself in any way as her hooves kneaded wantonly into the muscles of your back, her back legs raising up to wrap themselves desperately around your lower half as well. It was the typical reaction you supposed, at least based on what you'd heard of the subject (The details in Thunderlane's competitively haughty descriptions of his rolls in the hay with his marefriend, Blossomforth, had always secretly thrilled and enthralled you, even though you had always made sure to voice your feigned disgust for the sake of stallionly pride.) You waited almost a half-minute before deciding it was safe to continue on, amusing yourself to your heart's content, nibbling her roguishly in various places, rubbing every inch of her body your hooves could find, luxuriating leisurely in the sounds of her shocked, shuddering gasps. You had only managed another inch before your member was abruptly stopped by something.Flitter let out a high-pitched squeak at the contact of your flare with what you knew had to be her hymen. You had no idea how in the world it had survived your brashly probing tongue earlier, but it still stood firm, right in the middle of your path. Snapping yourself from your realization, you finally brought your head up to face her, the mare of attention giving out a small, pained whimper before she was even able to speak. "Hold on... h-hold on."You quickly heeded her breathy request, resting your chest carefully on hers. Taking all into account, you were happy with how well this had been going so far, considering your leg hadn't caused you any trouble, and that Flitter had not wanted to call it quits. You tilted your head to the side of her face, giving it a few, loving pecks as she squeezed reflexively around your phallus. You could tell by her movements that she was trying to get herself used to the large invader, and that she was finding it a rather difficult task. "Just tell me when you're ready to go. There's no need to rush this." You whispered to her, a benign tone automatically present."Jus--just a sec..." She wheezed out, going limp under you in a feeble attempt to calm herself, probably kicking herself for taking this long. Your hooves once again placated their yearning in traversing her sleek sides up and down, running slowly along her meticulously groomed fur, feeling her tender flesh and perky muscles thereunder. Flitter hummed in contentment at your impromptu barrel-massage, relaxation finally something attainable to her. Flitter's velvety glove then began to wake up to the pleasure of both the act and the thought of you inside her, the stimulus instigation tenaciously causing it to abandon the slightest notion of pushing you out. All muscles inside her gave a unified spasm, trying to pull you past the thin wall of sensitive flesh blocking your shaft from going further, causing her to start bucking softly up into you during your ministrations. To you, It was a sign that she was beginning to enjoy herself, and it brought smile to your face."Come on, Sis, you can do it; it only hurts for a second." Cloudchaser interjected in a soft tone, only partially obscured by the gasp her busy hoof had earned, basically stunting all selflessness in her sentiment. Though, in spite of it, even with her sister rubbing herself off shamelessly to your imminent intercourse, Flitter found encouragement in her overly-horny sister's words. This was it, her moment of truth; you could see it in her sparkling eyes. You two were about to consummate your love in the ultimate way for the very first time, and there was no stopping her now."Alright... go." She spoke determinedly after a gathering pause, her strength returning to her four shaking hooves as they reaffirmed their grip around you. She splayed her wings out across the bed, seeking to relieve them of their stubborn stiffness."Okay, fast and hard, or slow and steady?" You asked, readying your hips to begin, your position poised to do whatever deed she wished."Uh... fast and stop?" Flitter asked almost timidly, earning a snigger from you."Sure thing, Flitter." You assured her through your smile, kissing her forehead, preparing to buck forward, but stopped right before you gave your thrust. You knew she was going to scream, and you didn't really want to frighten any of the neighbors (the sisters did, after all, live in a town house near the village square.) "Why not give her something to do with her mouth while I do this?" You thought. You saw no reason not to, so with a plan in your head, you turned Flitter's muzzle to lock with your own. You pried her mouth open with your lips, making sure to tilt your head so that there were no gaps for her to scream through. "Mmm-mm! Mmm--mm!" You quickly disconnected with her to find out why she was so insistent that you stop. "Don't! Don't do that; I'll bite you!" It was true you hadn't thought of that before. Coming to think of it, you hadn't really thought it through at all. "I know what you're getting at, but don't worry; I won't scream." There was some slight doubt rising in you about what she said. "I can do this; I'll just grit my teeth. You can trust me." There was definite doubt in you to be sure, but she was sporting her first confident smile since you two began; you'd be willing to set anything aside for her at this key moment. Besides, the lady had insisted, and you were just going to have to trust her."Alright..." You said, returning her smile as you lowered yourself, the both of you embracing with your heads over each other's shoulders. "Here goes nothin'..." You muttered, earning a tighter grip from her.Not wasting anymore time, you quickly thrust forward into her as hard as you could. Whatever before you instantly broken, you felt all nine inches of your stallionhood become enveloped tightly within her in that single thrust. Heat, moisture, and blissfully soft skin was all that greeted your member and more as a handsome prize for your strong buck. However, there was trouble in paradise; your knee had shot a hot flare of sore, spiteful pain up your spine immediately proceeding your actions. It seemed that the cast was only made to prevent you from re-injuring yourself in total, not to cushion you from all forms of wear-and-tear. Despite the immense unignorably pleasurable feelings which had engulfed just then, you already knew right then that this was going to be the most agonizing sex you'd ever have in your life.You were not alone in any misery, though. Flitter's response was precipitate. The edges of her hooves digging painfully into your back, Her back legs reensnared your lower half like coils in a defensive reflex. Her back arched at a ridiculous angle, pushing her chest into yours. You heard the possible makings of an agonized wail start travelling up her throat, luckily only escaping as a extremely strained whimper through her clenched teeth. Her wings flapped as briskly as they could without any purpose, smacking themselves harshly against both your sides and the comforter of the bed. Like a firefighter trying to douse a rampant inferno, your hooves quickly grasped the bases of her wings and pushed them back down into the mattress, holding them there to keep her from injuring or bruising them.You distinctly heard Cloudchaser suck air through her clenched teeth, obviously knowing what her sister was going through right then. You held Flitter down and nuzzled her softly, keeping your eyes closed, feeling terrible despite your action's obvious necessity. Flitter continued to squirm under you, releasing a few more anguished moans and frail cries into your ear before the heaving of her chest finally slowed to a more manageable speed, the rigid muscles in her body slowly and surely unwinding. With bated breath, you cautiously raised up to look at her, opening your eyes for the first time since you had officially taken the mare beneath you.Flitter still had her eyes clamped shut, a meager tear or two just beginning to fall from the outside corners of her eyes as she took in deep, mollifying breaths. Though her face still looked a bit strained, you could tell she was already starting to recover. Her front hooves still hooked securely around your shoulders, she finally opened her eyes, giving you a weak yet relieved smile as she peered into yours. "T-that... wasn't so bad... You c--you can l-let go of my wings now." She panted out, trying to give her wings a small, oppressed flap.Realizing you were probably doing little more than hurting her at this point, you unhoofed her wings and once more began rubbing the sides of her barrel, earning a soothed sigh as she stretched her tensed body. You couldn't find words, for there was no way to describe it. You felt absolutely horrible for hurting her as much as you just did, even though you knew it couldn't have been helped."...Why the long face?" Flitter asked with a voice both soft and quiet as a butterfly's flittering wings. You merely shook your head irrationally in response, still finding your throat unable to produce words. It was then that she leaned upward, gracing your lips with several heartfelt pecks before whispering. "It's okay; I want this. I've wanted this from the very first moment I saw you."With just a bit of effort, you managed to return her delicate smile, feeling just a wee bit better about the whole thing."Well... what are you waiting for?" She asked, conjuring a most voluptuous grin. She pulled your face down to her level, making sure her mouth was right next to your ear. "Rut me 'till I can't walk straight."Your eyes bugged, unable to fathom how her demeanor could change so rapidly, not really knowing if you'd even heard her correctly. "W-wha?"Flitter didn't wait for you to process what she'd said. Utilizing both her back legs and her wings, she was able push your back a few inches from her, and then, wrapping around with them again, slam you back down into her. Your grunt and Flitter's moan were in perfect sync with one and another. Even though her sister had made up for it with the skilled, experienced control of her vaginal muscles, Flitter was much tighter than her all around. Flitter seemed to lack any and all control over herself, as she couldn't seem to make up her mind at times whether she wanted to pull you or push you. Any lack of sexual experience on Flitter's part was hopelessly lost on your mind however, as this mare was squeezing you harder than even your own hoof probably could.All was not perfect though; not everything you felt was so debilitatingly pleasurable. Once again, just like what happened with your first, hymen-breaking thrust, the cast was not doing the job you had wanted it to. Your knee had flared up horrifically for a second time, causing you to pinch your eyes shut for a split second. After you threw the small sample of discomfort aside to the best of your ability, you remembered why that had happened. Flitter wanted this now more than ever, and you couldn't disappoint her, not when she'd come so far for this."'Rut me 'till I can't walk' huh?" You repeated her words in a rhetorical fashion, prompting a fast and enthusiastic nod from the mare. "Alright then, hope you're ready for this." You punctuated your readied words by pulling from her foal compartment, the flare of your phallus keeping you within her, and returning full force to hilt her as hard as you could. Your leg regretted the action dearly, but Flitter had gotten a kick out of it. Right then, that was all that mattered."Oh, yes!" She cried out after your first thrust sunk in, arching her back briefly, only to fall back against the bed shortly thereafter, desperate for more. Finally, you got to work. Thrusting, pounding, grinding, and humping, all manner of tough treatments to her inner sanctum did you employ, yet surprisingly it seemed as though nothing could fully pacify Flitter's ravenous thirst for more. This unbelievable little Pegasus had evolved from a halting, procrastinative filly to an insatiable, hungry mare in heat, and you found the transformation both wonderous and daunting to witness. Her cries of estrus and ever-building desire filled the room along with the repetitive resounding slaps of pelvic flesh on pelvic flesh as you worked up a very genuine sweat with how diligently you were trying to get her off, the unmistakable aroma of coitus permeating the air without fail. Your luck with your affliction was noticeably wearing thin. Pleasure and pain were not mixing as well as they had been before; your injured knee was far too sore from your last intercourse with Cloud. It felt as if it were on fire, ablaze with spreading flame. Flitter's oozing blossom was doing its best to bring you with her to orgasm, but it was just not enough. Only this far into your love-making, and you already realized there would only be one pony to reach climax this time.Whilst the fires of torment crawled up your poor leg, licking persistently at the nerves of your spine, Flitter put every appendage she had around your back. Her moans, screams, gasps, and cries were non-stop as though a symphony, and it fought gallantly to bring a smile to your grimacing face as you listened. The mare beneath you was just passing cloud nine, and there was only one way for you to bring it to a close. You couldn't quit; you had to do this, for her. You owed it to her after all that had happened. "I can rest when I'm dead." You thought bravely as you shifted as much of your weight onto your good leg as you could and began to buck ever harder. You had never thought you could shake a bed so turbulently just by making love to a mare on it, but you were most definitely accomplishing exactly that. The headboard was bashing boisterously into the poor defenseless wall with each sweetly bitter thrust into the panting Pegasus below, the bed's cushioning sinking in its middle from how rough you were being with her. You were quite literally pounding Flitter into the bed springs below the mattress at this point, and she was loving every second of it.As much as your member was enjoying itself inside Flitter, your stamina, tolerance to pain, and will to keep on going were all nearly drained dry. The harder you bucked, the more unbearable the shocking, searing pain became. This had to end, and it had to end fast, lest your body risk ending it for you before Flitter could finish in full.The more you thought about it, the more you realized that you had no other choice than to gamble all of your remaining strength away in one stretch just to see if it would get Flitter to her peak, for right about then, that was your only chance. You figured you might as well, considering you were at that crazy point in time where you were in so much pain, that you were willing to torture it even more so that pain wouldn't seem as bad. With your murky mind made up, you dove your tactic into effect, increasing both the speed and magnitude of your thrusts to where your hips became a blur. You gripped Flitter's shoulders tightly as you ruthlessly slammed yourself deep into her again and again, the lewd smacking sounds filling the room becoming even louder through Flitter's incoherent wails of bliss.Flitter, a previously untouched virgin, had never even dreamt of receiving any form of sexual stimulation like the one she was now getting from you. For this fact among others, your gamble finally paid off.Flitter's moans halted as she gasped out a single word before an orgasmic howl burst forth. It had sounded similar to your name, but you weren't really sure. "Oh! Sweet Luna!" You felt her entire form clamp down on you as she screamed unto the heavens. Her music was muffled as she then bit down on your shoulder, forcing you to pinch your eyes shut. You felt the intense heat from the near endless flow of her marely fluids coating your length from tip-to-base. Your shaft throbbed and ached miserably as her silken flower twisted and squeezed at it without falter, making its very first true efforts at milking a stallion for his seed. Unfortunately for the both of you, her desperate, foal-seeking contractions would garner nothing from you this time.The pure torture of the feeling of her precious honey pouring out over your entire crotch being largely blocked out of your head by your leg's wafting pain infuriated you. Hearing her yelps of ecstasy being drowned out by the injury-fueled adrenal ringing in your ears also angered you to no end. As you somehow endured, you wanted nothing more than to simply amputate the accursed, throbbing limb, for it had just successfully murdered Flitter's first time, at least for you. The subtle bite marks on your shoulder hadn't helped that much either, but you couldn't blame her in the least for finding a way to cope with the uncontrollable sensations of her first time with a stallion. You pulled your rigid, unfullfilled tool from her still churning, shivering depths and flopped sourly onto your back beside her. The gamble was meant to take all the strength you had, and it had done so to a "T." With the pathetic fragment that was your subjectively functioning brain, you tried to look back on what had just happened. You very quickly realized that the only reason you had ever stood a chance in pulling that off was the affects of the pain medication you were given earlier, and that it was starting to wear off. You had no idea what kind of pain you would have felt if those pills weren't in your system at the time, but the last thing you wanted to do at the moment was imagine it.Fighting tooth and horseshoe against unconsciousness, trying to blink away the exhaustion, you quickly brought a hoof up to your face to wipe your eyes of the tears forming in them before Flitter could notice; she could never know why you'd shed them. It was not for the aggravating torment of no release, nor entirely the elephantine proportions of pain coursing throughout your body. It was the fact that you didn't enjoy a single, solitary second of Flitter's first time with you thanks to your ligament; that was what truly ticked you off the most."Oh, Goddesses..." Flitter's melting voice dripped with relief in her afterglow as she slowly curled up into a ball, resting half her form on your chest. Oblivious to your plight, she certainly didn't share any of those problems in the least. "That... was the best thing... ever..." Flitter mumbled, giggling giddily as she pushed her head into the crook of your neck, vigorously rubbing her face into it. You wrapped the happy Pegasus mare in your weakened wings without a word, the only sound you made being your labored breathing as you attempted to return it to its regular pace. While Flitter rested, you quietly sulked, silently brooding over the whole fiasco. Not a peep was heard throughout the misty room, not even from the recently climaxed Cloudchaser as she still sat in the nearby chair, looking much the same as you two. Though she'd clopped herself silly to the sight of you both going at it, she eventually took notice of your still-firmly-erect member as it stood upright, awkwardly pointing at the ceiling, as if it hadn't even been touched."Baby, did you even finish that time?" Cloud's voice was shaky from her heavy self indulgence, but also bore traces of what sounded like worry. The Pegasus mare gave her wings a wide flap and jumped, sailing to land next to the bedside where you rested. Her eyes locked onto yours, her head tilted sideways, as if she were checking you intently for any visible abnormalities.You prayed she hadn't seen those bitter tears before you had wiped them away. This day was wearing away at your nerves something fierce. "No... n-no I didn't." Your answer was weary and choppy from the pained exhaustion you were still feeling from head-to-toe. You elected against saying anything else for fear of choking on anymore words that would leave your mouth.Cloudchaser frowned, raising her left eyebrow slightly. "....You okay?" She phrased her question as she placed her hoof on your cheek, rubbing it softly.You gulped, arduously swallowing the lump in your throat. "I... I didn't want to... get Flitter pregnant, that's all." You gave yourself a mental pat on the back for that one. You had only just remembered that Flitter hadn't taken a pill, at least, not in front of you. Cloudchaser's frown deepened slightly, and you were beginning to hear your own heartbeat more clearly in your ears.Luckily, Flitter was there to rescue you from Cloudchaser's scrutiny. "Aw, you didn't need to worry about that." The mare softly spoke out, nearly done laying there enjoying herself. "Cloud gave me a some of those contraceptives before we even started." You cringed inwardly; that didn't remind you of another creepily well thought-out plan on her part, now did it?"Yeah, well, can't be too careful." You chuckled a bit awkwardly for the situation, gently laying a kiss on the side of Flitter's head. She tittered, lazily flopping over so that more of her body rested on you. You had narrowly avoided another excruciating flare-up as she laid herself over your good lower side."Alright, I think I've waited long enough; my turn." Cloudchaser spoke with a type of enthusiasm that almost sounded.... sinister? The grin she then sported sent yet another inconfident chill up your exerted back."Oh, okay, but remember to be gentle with him." Flitter instructed, wobbling precariously as she stood up on the bed. You and Cloudchaser both chortled as the poor mare suddenly collapsed back down onto the mattress, her unsteady legs unable to hold her little mass of body weight as they were still trembling so severely. Flitter looked at her hooves like they'd betrayed her monstrously. Refusing to concede to her own legs, the mare tried to rise again, only to realize that she would not be walking right anytime soon. With her second flop onto her stomach, Flitter finally gave up with a defeated sigh.It probably didn't aid her in the least that Cloudchaser was close to crying from laughing at her so hard. You had swiftly halted your guffawing to a slight chuckle since you kind of felt pity for her, considering it was you who had racked her hips so harshly. That, and your heavier laughter rocking your chest had still managed to hurt your leg a bit. You tried your best to keep all laughter from your words as you spoke to her. "It's alright, Flitter. Everypony goes through that sooner or later.""I didn't." Cloud butted in, wiping her eyes. Flitter glared at her sister for what she must have felt was the hundredth time that day, but your words put a hopeful, if bashful smile back on her face."I'll... I'll just be over here." Flitter said as she rolled herself along the bed, coming to rest at its foot with a small, ladylike yawn. "He's all yours, Sis.""...About bucking time." Cloudchaser whispered, turning to you. There it was again; there was that same look, like a Manticore eyeing her next, helpless morsel. You could do nothing to stop your wings as they gave a small shiver in a mixture of both terror and excitement, going through their first stages of stiffening to boards at your sides again.Cloudchaser licked her lips slowly, pouncing gracefully onto the bed, stalking towards you like a prowling lioness, the signature sway in her shapely hips as she ambled for you, still piercing you with bedroom eyes. It was stunning to witness how a mare could so skillfully drive a frozen dagger of apprehension into her lover, all while keeping him hopelessly aroused at the same time. Your shaft gave a not-so-apprehensive twitch as the hoof with which she'd been pleasuring herself grasped it, seeming like she was intentionally pumping both Flitter's juices with her own all along your solid length. Cloud leaned her head down next to your own as her hoof continued its sensuous assault."Don't think I didn't see those tears." Were her only words into your ear. She kissed your temple with warm lips, then set about nuzzling it with her impossibly soft facial fuzz."Don't tell her, please." You whispered back to her, your voice partially strained from both Cloud's busied hoof and the fear of Flitter overhearing you. Cloudchaser kept shifting her back legs around on the bed sheet. The sound of the cotton rubbing against her fur cleverly deafening the dozing Flitter to the sounds of your whispers."...Wouldn't dream of it," Cloud answered, her hoof giving extra attention to the tip of your member as she raised her head up to look you over. "and I wouldn't dream of leaving you like this either."A part of you wanted to thank her implicitly, for despite all the mind-numbing stimulation you'd thus undergone today, you had only managed to ejaculate twice. You were confident that you desperately wanted to have just one more go. The other part of you, however, just wanted to keel over and sleep for a decade. You were a tough stallion; rest could wait until after a simple little hoofjob, could it not?"...But trust me, your not the only one who's gonna get some fun out of this one." Your eyes went from half-closed and drifting from fatigue, to alert once again at her informative words. "Oh, don't worry; I'm gonna cut you some slack, but just know it's only because of your ACL."Though that last part was incredibly nice to hear, you weren't sure if you could do anything more today: Your leg was in absurd agony, your phallus, in spite of your desire to get off one more time, felt raw, and you had gotten a headache from the mixed signals of pain and pleasure sent to your poor, besieged brain. You felt hopelessly outmatched here. To you, it was similar to being only at half strength, yet charged with totally satisfying two succubi, one fledgling, the other veteranized. You opened your mouth to protest, only for the hoof she had been rubbing your member with to find its way into your mouth (apparently, she loved doing that to you)."Shhh... relax... follow my lead," She cooed, giving your eyelid a brush-over with her tongue. You opened the eye she hadn't licked, begging her with the tired expression on your face, but she merely pushed her soaked hoof deeper into your mouth in response. Cloud giggled at the whimper she heard from you. "Don't worry, babe. Like I said, I'm gonna take it easy. You won't need anything but that nice... strong tongue of yours.""That's it? She just wants a sixty-nine?" You thought as your shoulders shrugged; you supposed you could survive that. You began cleaning the squishy, inner portion of the hoof in your mouth, silently giving her the answer she had wanted."Mmm, that's my stallion." Cloud purred, finally removing her hoof. As Cloudchaser began to turn around, you both froze at the sound of soft snoring further down on the bed. Cloud used a wing to cover her mouth, snickering as she turned to her sister. With Flitter now asleep, it made you a bit nervous knowing that Cloud could do anything she wanted to you and get away with it. Though, that irresolute chill crawling up your back was quickly burned away by the arousal of the sheer unknown. Cloudchaser had finished turning around to look at Flitter, leaving you with an unparalleled view of her blushing, stained back lips. Her whole crotch was smeared heavily by the product of her past exploits, her engorged clitoris still winking wildly at you, entrancing you. You squirmed a bit, half way to sitting up as you craned your neck to move closer to it.Cloud's attention was pulled from the form of her sleeping little sister back to the fidgeting stallion causing the bed springs to creak quietly beneath her. She looked over her shoulder at you with a foxy, almost demeaning grin, waggling her rump at you. "...What are you just staring for? Get to work; hope ya don't mind munching on a mare's backdoor.""backdoor?"You opened your mouth to ask her if you'd heard her correctly, only for her to misinterpret your signal altogether. Before you could even force a letter from your throat, the mare crouched, forcing her burning nether lips down on you. Her taste flooded into your mouth, covering your tongue in a mere few seconds. The scent of her slathered marehood wafted into your nostrils, more potent than ever, melting away any resistance against her with the greatest of ease. Cloudchaser's hooves grasped both of yours, deliberately moving them to her lower belly. At first, you didn't know why she had done so, but after absent-mindedly rubbing at the fur around the area, you found what she had wanted you to find. Two hard, perky nubs protruded ever so slightly past the sea of belly fur and into the frogs of your caressing hooves. Most mares' nipples weren't overly sensitive until after they'd become mothers, but you knew, of course, there were vast exceptions. Judging by her revelatory groans, she was definitely one of them.You continued to do your unbridled best to please the Pegasus now sitting comfortably on your face. Whether it be by licking, nibbling, rubbing, or releasing hot breath onto her inner haunches, as it had before, it never failed to make Cloudchaser leak even more into your maw. You paused briefly, however, when you heard Cloudchaser halt to spit, then begin rubbing your member down with her hoof again. "Why is she being so strange and secretive this time?" You thought, knowing your shaft was already sufficiently slick enough with both of the sisters' fluids to handle anything. "Why would she want to wet it more?""You better have had enough to drink, lover boy, 'cause it's time to change things up."Well, she had said "backdoor," had she not?As per usual, Cloudchaser didn't really give you time to do much of anything, before shifting herself forward on your muzzle, placing the attention-deprived entrance to her hindquarters right onto your closed lips. You were stunned; not giving that foreshadowed verbiage of hers much thought in your stupor, you had no clue she was about to do that. With yet another impatient groan, Chaser ground her rump over your face, doing what she could to stimulate herself, but being entirely new to the idea, and against your brain's own urgings, still you did nothing. "Come on, you'll insist on rutting me when I'm filthy, but you won't go down on my flank?" She panted out, giving another goading grind onto your face. When she worded it that way, it did sort of make you feel like a schizophrenic dunce. Though you'd probably never tell her, her rump was not the lightest thing in the world, so her shoving down onto you was beginning to get uncomfortable. You were still confused as to why she'd tasked you with tonguing her there, since you figured it really didn't grant a mare as much delight, but concluding that not everything in the bedroom had to have a purpose, you decided to do as you were told. "Here goes nothing..." Taking a deep breath, tickling her dock as it resting on the tip of your nose, you opened your mouth and gave it a long, gentle lick.Cloudchaser gasped at the sudden tingle of your action, her whole body giving a small clenched jump as her wings outstretched with a "Pomf!" She released the gasp in a contented coo, and you felt every muscle in her flanks go limp. Being the curious stallion you are, you cautiously pulled your tongue back into your mouth to check for any kind of taste, though, all it really tasted like was bare skin, the sweat from her prolonged arousal also preeminent. It was not quite as puissant as the sweat from her afternoon workout, and it wasn't as bitter as you'd imagined at all. Now comfortable with the subtle flavor of her waiting pucker, you gave another slow, caring drag over it."There ya go..." Cloudchaser quietly moaned out. The mare gave her backside a little shake, just enough let you feel the jiggle in her toned rump. "Yeah, that's it, get it nice and lubed up, Babe; we're gonna need it."You gave a nod and another slobbery lick, prompting a cute "Eep!" from the mare. You smirked, finally knowing why she had wanted this so badly. She wanted you to grease her up for a little anal activity. You couldn't say that you weren't excited at the prospect of shoving your shaft into Cloudchaser's tail-hole, nor would you. Then again, you couldn't really say much of anything at the moment.As you gave her star another long pass, you felt Cloudchaser's spit-covered hoof begin pumping your member again, instantly sending a buzz up your your back and into your wings. You gave them a quick flap to relieve them of their sudden build-up, steadily growing more confident with lick after savoring lick into her tight wrinkled folds, each time, a trail of "lube" dangling between you and them as a testimony to your good work. "Mmm, you're lucky I gave it some attention in the shower, but I know you'd like it anyway, you dirty colt. I should make you do this after a day at the gym." She demeaned as she leered down at you with a brief, debauched side-long glance. She was driving you mad. Her femdom-style dirty talk was turning you on more than you ever thought it could. After puckering your lips up and kissing her there several times, you gave it one last loving drag across before pressing the tip of your tongue against her slightly-gaped opening with clear intent. Cloud had not expected you to try entering her so soon, if at all, and it had caught her when she was relaxed. With the element of surprise on your side, you shoved your entire tongue into her as far as it could go, the only thing to stop you being the shortage of length to push inside."Ooooh, Buck yeah, go deep; make out with that flankhole." Cloudchaser whimpered fitfully at the barrage of new sensations your long, equine tongue presented her. You tried and failed to keep a self-satisfied grin off your face at her reaction as you pursed your lips to wrap around the whole of her puffy, winking sphincter, noisily sucking on it shamelessly and earning a sensitive chuckle from the impressed mare. "Ah! Wow, you're really getting into this, aren't you?" It was true; you couldn't even remember what was holding you back near the beginning. You found her insides didn't taste much differently from the outside, harboring no real taste to it. Though, you knew that probably wouldn't be the case if Cloud indeed made good on her kinky, dominative words. You decided right then and there that from that point on you'd be open to trying damn near anything in the bedroom with these sisters. If licking Cloudchaser's tailhole while receiving a hoofjob was this enjoyable for the both of you, then you could hardly wait for what ever else the future had in-store.Still, for all this taboo excitement, fatigue persisted in hammering away at you. You weren't sure what position Cloud would have you in, but you hoped it was not something missionary or pony-style. Your knee had basically been leaving you alone ever since you had stopped moving, but there was still that annoying dull ache present in it, growing steadily worse as your meds slowly wore off. Your eyes were beginning to droop closed and drift cross-eyed as you worked your tongue deeply within Cloudchaser's flank. Your movements were becoming less forceful and more drunken and rampant by the minute, even with the dotage of Cloud's hooves. The Pegasus on your face didn't seem to notice or care about your increasing deficit of energy, if the warm juices dripping from her marehood onto your neck were anything to go by.After giving the fleshy depths of Cloud's tighter passage one last full circle, she abruptly stood up, fiendishly making sure to clench down hard on your tongue before doing so, your head following her flank for a good second as you instinctively tried to follow wherever your tongue was going. She gave very impish giggle at the sound of your head hitting the pillow after you pulled yourself out of her."Hehe, sorry..." She said, still chuckling huskily under her breath. You knew she wasn't; that wasn't her style. You didn't mind though, nor did you even feel like retorting to her. You said nothing as you laid there, your eyes beginning to close again as you tried to regather your strength. After a few silent moments, Cloudchaser turned to look at you, her rascally grin fading to a look of concern. "Hey, you okay?" She asked, leaning in towards you.Opening your eyes to look into hers, you gave her a slow nod of affirmation."Alright... Don't pass out on me yet; we're just getting to the finale." She said, gracing your slick lips with a light, meaningful peck. You shook your head, attempting to get some form of awareness back. You had to stay awake, if only for a few more measly minutes. You decided that after this you'd have to sleep for at least a week to recover from these two ravenous mares."How we gonna do this?" You asked, rubbing a hoof over your face, ridding yourself of what grogginess you could. You used your other hoof to nonchalantly wipe away as much of Cloud's liquid love from your neck as possible, which was to say considering her libido, not near enough."Just like last time... kind of. Just sit back, and enjoy." Cloudchaser crooned, strutting leisurely away from you with her tail deliberately lifted high. Your mouth watered at the sight of her now-extremely-lubricated flankhole and her soaked labia. It was a pity you had to be injured during all of this. These two succubi must have been turning you into a monster, because were it it not for your confounded ACL, you could have gladly done it all over again. She sauntered and swayed until her flank was positioned over your member, faced away from you, giving you the perfect view.You had never done a reverse cowfilly position before, and you were looking forward to being able to witness all the red-hot action first-hoof."You ready?" Cloud asked through another side-long glance, running her hoof teasingly along her succulent posterior. She brushed along her right side until she stopped to give it a smack for you. You grinned, transfixed as you watched her relaxed flank tremor from the impact."Y-yeah." You wished you could have said something better than that, but you were lucky to get that out."...Then here we go." She said, positioning the tip of your shaft against her exit. You could've sworn you heard her mutter something along the lines of, "This is gonna hurt" but you couldn't be one-hundred percent sure of anything at that point. Thanks to the pain, pills, and pleasure, you were certain your senses weren't half of what they should've been. Cloud definitely looked like she was psyching herself up for it. After a few thick moments of angsty hesitation, she took a deep breath, swept her tail aside, relaxed every muscle in her back half, and let her back legs ease down."A-- Ahnngg!" Cloudchaser shoved a hoof into her mouth to muffle any louder noises she would've made. Only having taken you down just past your medial ring, her attempt at taking you all in one go again had not proceeded quite as smoothly as last time. The mare was only able to get half of your length inside her by means of gravity; it didn't bode well for her poor rectum.You on the other hoof, were in heaven. Never having bedded that many mares, you never considered yourself an aficionado, but you could just tell that this was one of the best things you could ever do. Never once had you felt like this. The walls of Cloudchaser's rear entrance were softer than the membranous wings of a well-groomed Thestral, yet they constricted around your phallus like a vice on its smallest setting. This of course, was to say nothing of the warmth of her flank's tunnel; it almost burned it was so warm. The last feeling you noticed, was a minuscule thumping that seemed to happen every few milliseconds, though it didn't take long for you to figure out where it was coming from.It was her heartbeat; you could actually feel Cloudchaser's rectal walls pulse in time with her heart.You groaned at the cacophony of blissful sensations all hitting you at once, shuddering furiously as you felt Cloud push more and more of your shaft up into her. The tight-fitting mare moaned through her clenched teeth, looking as though she were at her limit, yet neither did she look like she would even think of stopping until she had the base of your throbbing erection resting cozily against her stretching pucker. She was working up a sweat trying to accomplish this goal. She would swear under her heavy breath every few seconds or so, and if you concentrated hard enough, you could even feel her heartbeat accelerating."S-s-slow d-down if it hurts, Cloud." You groaned, muscling out the words as unrelenting waves of pleasure assaulted you. The ache in your leg was now again masked by the dozens upon dozens of contractions involuntarily offered by Cloud's backside. These two never seemed to fail in ultimately making you feel alright, no matter how much pain you were in. You knew you were not going to last long, especially when you began taking in the breathtaking view she'd very intentionally offered. The view of course, and the fact that she was very diligently managing an inch of your member for every five or six seconds with only two inches to go."Not... 'till you're... in!" Cloudchaser hissed, her tone sounding as though she were trying to lift a two-hundred pound set of weights. The second she realized she only had one inch to go, she stop easing her way down, grabbed hold of your glutes, and sharply pulled herself down onto your pelvis with all her might. Your tired mind was sent yet another blast from your knee, but just as it had been with Flitter's fellatio, it was largely snuffed by the feeling of finally being hilted inside Cloudchaser's tailhole.Cloudchaser shoved both of her hooves into her mouth to bite down on them, vying to suppress her lung-tearing, ear-busting scream. You could her muffled voice quivering in sufferance, but you knew that the fun part was just across the threshold. "Oooooohhhh, that was harder than I thought I'd be..." She sighed and panted, gently wiggling her rump around in your lap, an effort to acclimate to her new, full condition in the making. Never one to waste any time, she gave a worn-out giggle as she began working herself again with one hoof and her teats with the other, the stimulation she granted herself causing her sphincter to clasp around you beautifully. "I can't believe I just did that...""I... I can't believe you just did that either." You panted lightly, the heat from Cloudchaser's nethers making you sweat. You raised your head up to look at what she was doing, only to see her slumped over your legs, probably catching her breath. Your member throbbed one of its most powerful yet at the sight of her haunches almost fully connected with your pelvis, making the mare gasp in surprise with a small jump."Hah! I can tell your friend wants me to get movin.'" Cloud looked back at you as she spoke, winking at you seductively as she readjusted her back legs. Even the most minute of movements she made sent sparks spiraling through you from hoof to wingtip. Luckily for your endurance, it didn't take Cloud long to find a solid starting position, and with nothing more hindering her, she got to work. "Ngh... Let's do this!"Sharp was your inhale as she pulled herself off your hips and up your length, your sensitive flesh being hit by a gust of cold air as it was pulled from Cloudchaser's hot, crushing depths. It twitched like mad when she pulled off of it all the way to the flare, and in a split second, welcomed you back into her in full. Shock waves of burning warmth and tight, soft flesh squeezed around your phallus without mercy as she took you down to your base again and again. Cloudchaser moaned out as loudly as ever as you started gently thrusting upwards into her every descent, the both of you still being careful so as not to affect your ligament again. Your injury did shoot small jolts of soreness at her actions, but you had come to expect it by then, and took it in stride. Besides, it paled by comparison to what was happening in general. The magnitude and skill level of Cloud's ministrations were so high, that you were confident you would orgasm even if she stopped moving altogether.For the first time today, you knew you could finish strong, and it brought a confident grin to your face."Buck! I haven't felt this in forever!" Cloudchaser panted out with a molten fervor, her pace picking up even though it was clearly proving too much for her. You tried telling her to slow herself down a notch for her own sake, but the pure bliss she was dishing out rendered all your words nothing more than grunted, muttered gibberish as it left your lips. Still, you did have another idea. Slowing her down by gently placing your wing to her hips, You used your front hooves to pull yourself backward until your back rested against the bed's headboard. With Cloud still connected safely to you at your lap, you had been able to drag her the short distance as well, though not without your knee interjecting its sour opinion.Once the headboard had provided a semi-comfortable seat rest for you, you enveloped her torso with your wings, hugging her close to you as you placed your hooves onto her flexing hips. Just as planned, all four of your upper appendages then aided the mare in her efforts to regain speed whilst giving her a considerable respite against her taxing thrashes. She wasn't the only one to gain something from the changes you made, seeing as how your hooves were now totally free to work deep into the muscles of her rump as it moved. Cloudchaser seemed to love this new position; it was probably hitting a few new spots, if her high-pitched groans and whimpers were any indication.As if that weren't enough to spice things up, you had one more trick now that you were this close to her; you were sure she'd adore this one. You released her tremulous chest from the blanket-like grasp of your right wing as you casually moved it down in between her spread hind legs, going to work with two of your dexterous lead primaries. Your feathers were soaked in Chaser's marely juices almost instantly, and you couldn't care less as you fiddled her, tickling her engorged love button with their very tips and edges. You were legitimately shocked that Flitter had managed to stay snoozing during her sister's wailing."Ah! YES!" Like sister like sister, an orgasmic cry sounding almost identical to Flitter's met your ears. Cloudchaser's steamy, panting breaths and smutty swears for you to keep going were endless past that point. Knowing she was close, you renewed your focus on the intensity of her anal passage, reveling in her burning, moistened confines, vying to bring your climax as near as possible to hers. As expected, Cloud grew faster and rougher as she drew nearer, your knee giving more ignored protest. Your hooves, still managing to play with Cloudchaser's firm cheeks, were still barely able to assist her in gaining both speed and power in her humpings and bouncings despite the newly-formed sheen of sweat on her rump causing them to slip off every now and then."Oh, baby... Come on, do it! Fill me up!" Cloudchaser's quavering plea echoed in your ears. Her throaty moans and chronic cries begging for your climax, her plump backside molding in your hooves, her clitoris winking crazily against your drenched wing, her tight, warm tail-hole clinching so wantonly on your member, all these were the indescribable catalyst to the breaking of your endurance. Slamming her rear down onto your base in harmonious time with a hard thrust upward, your burning seed was quick to paint the insides of Cloud's rear a glistening white. You lost track of how many ejaculative throbs your shaft let loose after number three, far too tired to count as you settled for slumping your head back onto the top of the backboard with closed eyes to listen to Cloudchaser shudder at the feeling of your multiple blasts. You felt her own stamina burn out into your still-working wing, ensuring that your feathers would likely smell of her for the next couple weeks. The mare humped and grinded recklessly against your sore pelvis, her orgasm mostly silent as her flank made sure not a single drop of your essence leaked from it. You allowed yourself a sapped smile, trying to think of what she would have to say after her next trip to the bathroom.Cloud went limp in your lap, falling back against you after riding out the final waves, her flank making sure to hold your slowly softening length inside her as a plug of sorts for all you'd given her. You felt her wings fall from her sides as her sweat-matted back rested on your chest. You felt her breathing only just beginning to calm itself. You placed your wet wing off to the side and held the mare with your clean one, your hooves finding their place rubbing lovingly on her inner thighs."I know Rainbow says this a lot, but that... was awesome..." Cloudchaser panted out, a derped looking smile plastered to her muzzle."Yeah, let's not do it again soon..." You muttered with a chuckle as you leaned your head forward to repose upon her shoulder. You gave her damp neck some attention as your fatigue began to overtake you, earning a soft coo from Cloud. To say that you were running on fumes at that point would be a cruel understatement; you would've been perfectly fine with sleeping the rest of the night away right there, even though the majority of the bed's sheets were so drenched that you'd probably end up having to burn them (along with the poor massacred mattress, for you were quite certain at least some it had managed to seep through.) "That was pretty entertaining, though I don't think Cloud was quite loud enough." Flitter's normally innocent and affectionate voice was then laced in sarcasm as you looked down past your back hooves to see her stirring form staring back at the both of you. It was abundantly clear that Flitter had been awake nearly the whole time; you just never saw it past Cloud's buttocks (whether it had been bouncing in your lap or sitting on your face.) Her sarcastic jest had gone completely unnoticed by you, but not by the mare still connected to your lap."Says the mare who screamed like a banshee just from getting eaten out." Cloudchaser shot back defensively, or at least you thought she did as you leaned your head back onto the top of the backboard again. You couldn't really tell anymore; your hearing was fuzzing out, and you found yourself more interested in the insides of your eyelids at the moment."Hey! It was my first time doing anything like that; what's your excuse?" You were sure that was Flitter though."He's bucking huge! You should know by now! What, are you numb down there?!" As the sisters went at each other once again, Cloud still one with you, the world of your consciousness was growing ever more dark and dim. As you sat there drifting off to sleep, you thought of the many many things this day was sure to affect. You thought about how long it'd take your leg to fully convalesce given the onslaught it had just miraculously endured. You thought of what you'd have to decide on doing when you could return to work, whether you would stay under the sisters' roof, invite them to stay under yours, or just mix it all up randomly. You wondered whether or not there'd be some sort of time-share regarding your time spent with them. You thought of the brand-new relationship you had with the girls as a whole, and how you would spring the news on Thunderlane (the poor sap will never know what hit him.) All manner of these thoughts swirled dizzyingly within your burnt-out brain as Luna beckoned you to the realm of dreams, and you just had to wonder how you'd ever manage all those serious changes, or if any aspect of your life would remain the same by tomorrow. "Of course not, but at least I try to have a little self-c... wait a second... do you smell something burning?""Wait... burning... Buck! The hay burgers!""Oh, no!"As you were brought very suddenly out of your doze by Cloudchaser slipping off of you, tumbling off the bed in a panic, clipping your cast awfully in the process, you surmised quite confidently that there were just some great things in your life that nothing was ever going to take away from you.Thanks for reading“Well, well, well, aren't you an interesting looking piece of meat.”The changeling queens words make a shiver run up your spine. She circles slowly around your bound form as she chuckles in that eerie, echoing voice of hers.You don't know how you ended up here, or where here exactly is. Some days ago you woke up somewhere in a forest. Trying to find you're way home, or at least civilization, you picked a direction and started wandering. Only to soon be captured by these flying insect like creatures. They took you to their hive, where you lost track of time, as you were held in captivity until their queen had time to meet you.Queen Chrysalis is taller than her subjects by far. She still comes short of you, the horn on her forehead only coming up to your eye level, but she is still an intimidating sight. Especially with you on the floor naked, bound with green slime that prevents you from moving more than an inch.Suddenly she pushes her face right next to yours, inspecting you closer. You notice the sweet musky scent that fills the room is coming off her, before your train of thought comes to a stop as she runs her tongue up the side of your neck.“Mmmm... You are a delectable treat aren't you?”As far as you're concerned, she just confirmed your suspicions that she does in fact intend to eat you. You start pathetically pulling on your bonds, begging for your life. You'll do anything, just as long she doesn't eat you.“Eat you? Oh no, my dear, I have such big plans for you,” she chuckles.Her horn glows an eerie green and the gloop surrounding you shifts, pulling you on your back to lay on the ground. She stands above you.“You see, you just so happened to grace me with your presence during my heat, and after that fiasco in Canterlot, my hive could use some more soldiers.”Canterlot? What's that? And by heat she doesn't mean-“Of course you see I couldn't possibly mate with my own children, which makes your appearance more than fortunate.”She does. She means exactly that. You start squirming again, hoping to find some weak spot in the substance keeping you still. The queen only chuckles and slowly lowers her rear on your loins, grinding against you. The area between her hind legs is burning hot and soaking with her slimy essence.Despite your resistance, you can feel your manhood slowly hardening. She hums as she licks your neck again.“How do you feel about foreplay,” she suddenly asks. “I myself don't honestly much care for it. What do you say we jump straight to business?”With that she sinks her fangs in to your neck. Your mouth opens in a silent scream as your entire body spasms in the slime. You can almost feel the burning venom forcing its way in to your veins.She slowly lets go of your neck and stands up to watch as the venom takes hold of you. The aphrodisiac effect is fogging your mind, making it impossible to think of anything except rutting any and every mare in the vicinity. You're sporting the biggest, hardest erection of your life, as you let out animalistic grunts in your efforts to break free.She lets out a throaty laugh as she lowers her lips on your neck and slowly starts kissing her way down. She kisses, licks and nibbles her way down to your chest, where she stops to give your nipple a light tug, making you whimper. She comes to a stop just short of your steel hard cock, and gives a hearty sniff.“Mmm... You'll give me all of it, won't you?”She stands back up, only to push herself back down, sinking your cock deep inside her wet pussy. A shuddering moan escapes her lips as you hilt inside her, your cockhead spearing through her cervix. You groan and your eyes roll back from the intense pleasure. Nothing in the world could possibly feel this amazing. Her insides are actually moving, tugging and rubbing on the intruding flesh, effectively milking you. While it does feel creepy, it is also incredibly pleasurable.That, along with the burning heat, somehow makes you unload almost immediately. As the first spurt hits her insides, the mouth of her womb immediately closes tight around your head, preventing any of the precious semen escaping her. Your orgasm is significantly larger, and lasts longer than should be humanely possible, but once it's over you don't feel an ounce of satisfaction. You're still hard as steel and sex is still the only thing in your mind.“Aren't we quick today,” the queen teases. “Don't worry, we're far from done. After all, we have to make sure to fertilize as many as possible.”Before you can question her words, she starts rocking up and down on you. Your penis repeatedly exit so only the head stays inside and then thrusts back deep inside her. The inside of her cunt keeps milking you as she moves, while the deepest part of her is still holding tight to your glans, moving along with you.You feel hot. Waves of burning pleasure flow through you starting from your pelvis. It has to be because of her venom. You have never felt such immense pleasure. It's so overpowering you can’t even moan. You gasp and your breathing grows heavier. Your head is swimming.Slowly going in and out of her, her insides milking your shaft, her moans echoing in the room, the sweet musky scent of her arousal growing stronger with each passing second. It's so hard to decide whether this is heaven or hell. You feel like you're being enveloped in to a warm fuzzy cloud of pure pleasure. It feels like you're about to fall asleep.Suddenly she slams herself on you and squeals loudly. She's done being gentle. She starts jumping up and down on you, your wet pelvises slapping together loudly. Suddenly you realize how beautiful this creature looks with her face distorted in pleasure.Barely a minute passes before your dam breaks again. Chrysalis squeals in delight as you pump even more of your hot cum inside her womb. This time she doesn't stop to wait until you are done. She keeps jumping on your length throughout your orgasm, prolonging it even more than her venom alone.And once it's over, you are immediately pulled back in to the depths of ecstasy. Your monstrous lover keeps moving for several minutes as you ejaculate inside her again and again. She, however, doesn't seem to achieve her climax. Whether she's unable to or she somehow chooses not to is a mystery. She just keeps bouncing on top of you while squealing and moaning in obvious pleasure.Many orgasms and about a dozen minutes later, without warning, she presses her lips against yours and pushes her tongue in your open mouth. The sudden loving gesture pushes you over the edge once more. You can almost hear the snap of your mind breaking, and giving over fully to the monster queen.Chrysalis breaks the kiss with a loud moan and falls back. She moans louder and louder until finally, she lets out a loud, long, shuddering scream. Her insides tighten around you, hard enough to make you fear she'll pull your member off. Her entire body twitches and a short stream of greenish clear liquid sprays from her vagina as she shudders above you.She slowly closes her eyes and collapses on top of you, the inside of her cunt still keeping a tight hold on your penis. She slowly pushes herself up high enough to look you in the eye.“That was incredible,” she sighs. “Rarely do I have the pleasure of enjoying such an intense climax. Haah. You do realize this is far from over, right? Just one time isn't nearly enough to satisfy me.”Your eyes widen in fear as the queen pushes herself back up and starts jumping on top of you once more. You lost count on how many times you ejaculated earlier, but still it takes no longer than 30 seconds until yet another mind wracking orgasm ravages your tired body.After nearly an hour, several very loud orgasms from Chrysalis and almost a hundred ejaculations, she finally collapses on top of you, slipping in to unconsciousness. Her insides still keep a tight hold on you and you can feel the cum from several ejaculations sloshing inside of her. It feels unpleasant but you're so tired that you don't even care. Your eyes shudder close as your mind wonders fearfully what awaits you once you wake.You wake up slowly, wandering about your whereabouts. It feels like your floating in water. Did you fall asleep in the bath? You try to sit up, only to realize you can't move. You're wide awake immediately, struggling futilely in the green goop holding you.“Finally awake?” an eerie voice says. “Just in time, I was getting bored of waiting.”Your eyes fall upon the ebony creature talking, and immediately you remember what had happened. Chrysalis approaches you and gently kisses your neck. Interestingly enough, she seems several months pregnant already.“I do hope you enjoyed yourself,” she hums. “Oh, who am I kidding, I know you did. Your love is quite tasty. Your lust is almost tastier.”She licks up your neck all the way to your ear and purrs. Somehow she still seems unsatisfied. You inform her that you're completely spent. You doubt any amount of her cursed venom can get your motor running right now.“Oh, don't worry,” she smirks. “Your stamina is no longer needed. Just relax and enjoy yourself.”She kisses your lips, as you try to keep your mouth tightly shut, not wanting to give in any more than you have already.“I can feel your love no matter how much you struggle,” she laughs. “I must admit, you are one of the greatest lovers I've had. Perhaps even the greatest. Of course, I never had the chance to sample Shining Armor for myself. I have a feeling he might have outranked you.”She smirks, obviously trying to hurt your pride as a man. You refuse to let it get to you, and with as much sarcasm as you can muster, you tell her how happy you are for the silver medal in 'getting raped by a disgusting monster'. She just laughs.“But we simply must get you ready.”Her horn glows again, and for a second it seems nothing is happening. The smug smile on her face hints at something though. And suddenly you feel the slime shift under you. That alone might not be enough to freak you out, but then it starts prodding against your defenceless anus.Your eyes widen in fear as a thin tendril slips inside you. You beg, and plead, and even threaten, but only manage to make the queens smile wider. Suddenly the long tendril inside you gathers together in to a large clump, stretching you and pushing against a very magical spot inside you.Your eyes roll back as you can't help but moan in pleasure. Chrysalis gives a loud barking laugh and even more slime forces it's way inside your rectum. It keeps stretching you wider and wider, until it feels like you have an entire arm inside you. While you feel pain, the inconceivably satisfying feeling of being stretched, as well as the pressure against your prostate is more than pleasurable. Enough to make you erect again, something you thought would be impossible for a good long while.Once you get more used to the feeling and manage to calm down, you start paying more attention to your surroundings. You notice something about Chrysalis she definitely didn't have earlier. Under her stomach hangs a jet black, slick, veiny, throbbing horsecock.Chrysalis gives you a predatory smile and the slime around you starts moving again, rolling you on your hands and knees. You feel her hovering above you, and then the slime still inside you slowly pours out, giving way to something much more solid.A slick, throbbing you-know-exactly-what pushes against your still gaping rectum and you panic. You start rambling, not even knowing what you're saying as you try your hardest clench yourself shut.“Relax yourself,” she whispers as she nibbles on your ear with her sharp teeth. “Or this will be much more painful than it needs to be.”Being told to relax makes you clench even harder. But as the head of that gigantic shaft starts slowly but surely pushing inside you, something in your subconscious accepts that this is happening, whether you want it or not.As you relax, your mind becomes more hazy. You expected much more pain, but you actually feel mostly numb all over. You hear Chrysalis grunting above you as she forces more and more inside you. Her forelegs wrap around your thighs, pulling your ass closer to her loins, as her upper body pushes your head farther down.Finally she hilts inside you. You see her long tongue hang down in front of your eyes as she pants above you. She gyrates her hips, grinding herself inside you, and you're surprised to hear a whorish moan come out of your mouth. Chrysalis chuckles.“I didn't forget to mention the very pleasurable effect my natural lubricants have on your mind, did I?” she asks, sounding very out of breath.She indeed did. She pulls out about an inch, before pushing forcefully back inside. As you let out another lewd moan, you think yourself to be lucky she didn't pull out more. You were just about to resort to begging her not to pull out.Suddenly something happens. Something you should probably panic about, but find yourself unable to in your drugged state. You feel surprisingly clearly, as the head of her cock bulges and then opens inside you, spraying more of her aphrodisiac pre inside you.“Here it comes. The first of many,” she groans, sounding almost as if she's in pain.You feel the base of her member bulge, as if something is forcing it's way through the shaft. The ring of your anus stretches even wider as it accepts the even larger intrusion. Your eyes roll back and a heavy moan escapes you, as the bulge passes over your prostate.After what feels like minutes, it finally comes to her head which spits out the round object, deep inside your intestines. You groan, and before you can even begin to think what she could have just forced inside you, another one forces you to stretch.Chrysalis groans and gives your behind a single hump. Once again, when the bulge crosses over your prostate, your mouth opens in to a pleasurable moan. As her cock deposits the second round object deep inside you, your lover lets out a loud high moan.She quickly pulls her shaft half way out of you before slamming back inside. You squeal as you feel a third bulge, this one feeling bigger than the first two, forcing itself inside you. Your eyes roll back and your tongue lolls out as the bulge kneads your prostate, forcing a rather powerful orgasm out of you.“Already cumming after only three eggs?” Chrysalis laughs. “You little whore.”You can only moan in response. Needily, aplogizingly, affirmatively. As the third egg is spit out inside you, she decides to have some fun with your slutty body. She starts fucking you. Pulling out until only the head of her thick ovipositor stays inside you, while you clench your ass in a desperate attempt to keep her inside. Slamming back in, stirring the eggs inside you, making the room echo with the wet slaps of loins against ass, and your loud pleasured screams.You cum again, but she keeps pounding you. It's getting harder to breath and your vision starts to fade as your screaming lowers down to a weak murmur. Suddenly she slams inside one last time before grinding inside you.“It's not over yet, slut,” she groans.Another egg slowly passes through her shaft and rests inside you. Then another, and another, and another, and another, until you lose count. As she keeps impregnating you with her fertile eggs, you keep moaning and groaning and occasionally squealing, begging her to fuck you more. To fuck her little slut more.She doesn't comply, as she stubbornly keeps herself from moving. She keeps calling you names, further degrading you. Slut, whore, bitch, broodmare, slave, pet. And what little is left of your mind helplessly agrees with every humiliating word she spouts.Until finally she drives you over your limit. As the last of who-knows-how-many eggs pushes past your gaping hole and your sensitive prostate, you let out your last, pathetically weak scream, as you orgasm once more, your dick desperately trying to shoot out ejaculate that just isn't there anymore.Your body gives up, falling limp in to the goo holding you. You feel Chrysalis pull herself out of your loose anus, leaving behind a bulging stomach full of eggs. The last thing you hear is your queens soft content humming, lulling you softly to sleep.---Again you wake, this time with a pressure in your stomach, a goofy smile creeping it's way on your face and feeling content. The slime no longer surrounds your body, instead you're bound by entirely different shackles, those of your queens legs possessively holding you. You raise your head to look over the side of the ginormous bed, and see the remnants of the green slime on the floor where she had taken you.Your movement alerts Chrysalis, who slowly stirs to wakefulness.“Mmm... That was wonderful my love,” she hums. One of her forehooves drifts down to gently rub your swollen stomach.You sigh at the feeling, and turn your head to lay a gentle kiss on your lovers lips. You profess your love for her, chuckling as Chrysalis burps.“Oh, please, my love. I'm already so full.” A thoughtful look crosses her face. “Never did I think my hunger could be satiated before I met you. I really am the luckiest mare in Equestria.”She nuzzles your neck for a while before continuing: “If only our siege of Canterlot would have been successful. Could you imagine how perfect our life would be?”You shush her with a kiss before she can continue her lamentation. You refuse to talk about Canterlot right now. You can discuss new strategies later, preferably after your pregnancy.Chrysalis smiles and kisses you again. “Make yourself presentable dear.”You pull the blankets over your lower body and egg filled stomach before she calls out to her maid.One of her many changelings enters the room. The poor little thing immediately gets intoxicated by the amount of love and lust still in the air.“Darling,” Chrysalis says. “Could you please fetch our children.”The changeling nods with a sloppy smile on her face. She turns to leave the room and gives you a shake of her behind, trying to entice you. Uselessly, of course, your love is directed solely to your queen and your children. Besides, she's technically your stepdaughter.Few moments of snuggling pass before the doors burst open, all 23 of your younglings flooding inside. The youngest of them sprouted their wings only few weeks ago, and you watch with a happy smile as your sons and daughters whir around the room.Your eldest daughter flies straight to you, giving you a deep hug.“Daddy, are we really going to get more sisters again soon?”And brothers, you confirm, hugging her back. And by the feel of it, this batch might be even larger than the previous two.With your queen by your side, your daughter nuzzling to your chest, purring and your many children happily playing around you, you can't help but feel a small twinge of anger. They deserve better than this, a cave in the middle of nowhere, living in fear of being hunted by those blasted ponies. Next time, you think. Next time Canterlot will fall.	"We do not like removing Our helmet, Anonymous. We feel particularly... vulnerable. Naked."You raise an eyebrow, partly in questioning, but also partly in amusement. "Aren't ponies always naked?" You quip. "Besides, who do you think you're making yourself vulnerable to? We've wiped out nearly ALL of your enemies."You are Anonymous, enigma of Equestria, trapped in a colourful world that you never thought possible. Through some mishap involving trying to dig out something hidden deep within the trunk of your car, you accidentally tumbled in, and found yourself in this strange, magical world filled with previously fictional, talking cartoon horses that you shamefully masturbated to.And what was the first thing you did upon finding yourself in this wonderful land? Align yourself with the bad guy, of course. Not that you saw her that way. Call it sympathy for the devil, or something like that. Nightmare Moon was the one who had found you in the Everfree, and after a quick inquiry as to who and what you were, she had been surprisingly kind to you, providing you safe passage. Through small talk, she told you of her mission, which was to retrieve the Elements of Harmony before they could be used against her. Having already known how the situation would play out for her, and unwilling to see tragedy befall the first friendly face you met upon arriving, you insisted on helping her.Also, you may have had a crush on her, but you insist that had absolutely no bearing whatsoever in your decision to help remove the immortal sun princess in power.Now, here you are, hitting it off with the most powerful mare in Equestria.She gives a snort, and sends you a condescending look. "Celestia was well-loved by her subjects, and We are not. Our enemies are many, and could strike from unexpected angles. We must always be vigilant of assassins."Sighing, you slump back in your seat next to Luna's grand, obsidian throne. "You're in the center of your castle, surrounded by your most loyal of Honour Guards. How about at least taking it off while you hold court? Seriously, you look so much better without it."A blink and a pause later, she responds. "Does thou... really think so...?"Resting your cheek in your hand, you briefly scrutinize Nightmare Moon's unarmoured visage. "Yeah, definitely. You know, you're pretty beautiful when you're not giving that death glare or evil-looking smile like you always do." She give you a funny look at this remark. "Don't cover yourself up and hide under that thing. You've got the look. Flaunt it."You hear her let out the breath she seemed to be holding as she turns away from you. It was hard to see under her black coat, but you smirked a little upon seeing that blush of hers. "A-Anonymous, please. Flattery shall get thou nowhere... Especially not in front of the guards."Huh... She's never reacted like this before... Feeling a little emboldened, you lean a bit towards her in your seat, smiling like a big cat. "C'mon... you know it's true... You're powerful, sexy, and have the country in your hoof. Let your hair down a little. Or... flow freely in a non-existent wind, I guess.""A-Anonymous! W-We are in the middle of court! Show some restraint with your... your... flattering silver tongue!" Wow, she used to be annoyed by your pathetic flirting attempts, but now it's working? Playing to her ego was a surefire way to get on her good side, no matter how much she pretended she was above that."Flattering tongue, eh?""N-NEXT SUBJECT! PRESENT THY MATTER BEFORE THE CROWN!"*~*~*~**~*~*~*The next several hours were business as usual, with the Queen and her subjects did most of the talking. You sort of just... sat there and fetched papers every now and again, and maybe locate a castle staff member who might be needed at a given time. You're kind of like a glorified errand boy, but Nightmare Moon claimed that she would not tolerate anyone else to sit beside her for such a length of time.Finally, the clock struck 6. It was time to end the night's court and raise the sun. You were pretty glad you managed to convince her to let go of that "eternal night" bullshit. She was kind of bitchy about it at first, but you managed to break through to her that a country full of dead ponies would be a pretty hollow victory. You felt like an asshole just thinking about it, but you got a hearty chuckle when the ponies first rejoiced at the sun once again taking its place in the sky, only for them to see that Nightmare Moon was still in charge.In retrospect, it kind of felt like a mean-spirited prank.The queue of ponies was dismissed, and given the time when court would be held again. The few court staffers and Lunar Guards were relieved of duty, switching out for the golden-armoured Royal Guard. What few of them that had chosen not to defect or abandon their duty certainly didn't have to compete for hours like they used to. Hiring would be slow for awhile, since it was hard to imagine many ponies trampling over each other for the chance to be employed by the bogeymare who overthrew their kind, gentle, benevolent sun princess.Part of you is okay with that, though. You'll try to hold onto your little errand-boy gig if it means you get to stay close with the queen. Despite what the rest of the country thought of her, you had really taken to her. Hell, you had helped her execute a daring coup of Equestria, how could you NOT be close after that?The rest of the day carried on with little else worth noting. No assassination attempts in the past 6 days, a new record. That was particularly relieving, not because you feared for your safety or anything like that, but things tended to get messy when Luna dealt with traitors and assassins. Seriously, more than "just a few" carpets have had to be thrown out and replaced because they were simply too stained with blood to clean properly. On that note, you remind yourself to pick up some more Pledge later on, which annoys you, since you just bought two cans, and there's not even any wood in the palace.For dinner, you both agreed to indulge yourselves a little. Prime-cut steak, shipped from half-way across the world! If anyone could afford those outrageous shipping and import fees, it would be her. There was good reason to go a little nuts for dinner, It was Friday, after all. It sure as hell beat having frozen pizza for the twentieth time.Before you know it, it's 10 AM. When did it get so late?As per usual, the two of you would return to your own separate quarters when the work day was through. Your room was located in the same wing as her's, only a few doors down from the room of the ruler. In your mind, another perk of the "Henchman Loyalty Program". This is where the two of you part ways for the day, saying your 'good day''s as she would continue to the end of the hall towards her quarters. Just as you're about open the door, you notice Nightmare Moon is still standing next to you, a look of hesitation on her visage. You're about to ask her if something's wrong when she finally says something."Anonymous, about what you were saying earlier during court..."Oh, fuck. She's probably going to give you shit for those comments you made to her. This is kind of embarrassing, it felt like being scolded by your boss for childish behaviour... Which actually, it kind of was, exactly."Oh, look, I'm sorry if I took that too far. I was just kidding around." You manage to avoid a nervous stutter that would betray just how scared shitless you really are. Despite that, you were being honest. It was nothing unusual for you to make flirty comments to her, but she usually thought nothing of it, or brushed them off with annoyance. You had a professional relationship, and you suppose you were close enough to consider her a friend. That was about it, though. You figured by now she wasn't really going for it after all of her groaning and rolling her eyes at your lame advancements. Whatever. It's fine, you're still close with her, and that's more or less good enough for you.She blinks, her face blank. "You were... merely jesting?" She says this with a tone of what you suspect to be disappointment, though you're not quite sure why. Her ceremonial combat helmet that she was carrying with her quickly finds its place back on her royal head. The jerkiness and haste of the adornment suggests that she regrets taking it off."Um, yeah? I was just kidding, Luna." You tread careful in this proverbial minefield you've suddenly found yourself in. "You know I just like to joke around with you. Didn't mean to get you so flustered in the middle of court."Her face is completely unreadable as you try to figure out if you're still in trouble or not. She looks off to the side, leaving you utterly perplexed, unknowing if she is pissed off at you or not. "Thou art the only one whom We allow to call Us by Our true name." She replies, quietly.Uh oh, that answers your question. She tends to revert to her old-timey dialect when she's irritated or angry. What was that comment about, though? It didn't sound like an irritated chastisement. Against your better judgement, you prod, ever-so-slightly. "I uh... thought I was the only one who even knows your real name, besides Celestia?"After a pause, she looks back up to you, a tired, sad-looking smile on her face. "Yes... We suppose that still holds true." Her look hardens just a bit, as she lowers her voice to something more commanding. "See that it stays that way."You give a little mock salute. "Yes, my queen."With what sounds to be a sigh of fatigue and eye roll, she turns to head down the rest of the way to her room. "We shall reconvene in the evening, dear Anonymous."You smile, and give a little nod her way before entering your suite, "You bet!"Finding yourself in your room, you go through your usual late-morning routine before bed: Shower, brush teeth, realize there are no palace-issue jammies for humans, then collapse into bed in nothing but your underpants.The thick curtains do a good job of blocking out that pesky sunlight, allowing your room total darkness. Before falling asleep, you continue to ponder that interaction with Luna. What was that about? She seemed a little scatterbrained, there. It was probably just the stresses of being an unpopular ruler getting to her. She got her revenge against Celestia, maybe she just needed some more time to let it sink in. She's pretty strong, though, she lasted a thousand years in complete isolation without breaking down into a non-functioning wreck... as far as you can tell. Hell, she completely managed to bowl over the ones who tried to stop her as soon as she got back, for whatever that says of her mental integrity.Maybe she just needs some more time to get settled in her new-found seat of power. She's had a rough life, and only now, after thousands of years, have things started to go her way. You'd help her however you could, since you're her loyal 2IC, and she's so good to you.You yawn, getting comfortable beneath the covers of the expensive palace guest bed.She's a super lady.*~*~*~**~*~*~*You are the uncontested Queen of Equestria. You are The Lady of Darkness, The Keeper of the Stars, The Night Mare, The Nightmare, and once upon a time... Luna.For a thousand years you've been planning your vengeance, and it has mostly gone all according to plan. The throne is yours, and your 'dear' sister is paying in kind for what she did to you. You have won, victory has been seized, and you should feel euphoria like you've never felt before in your long life...You have no friends, no one loves you, your subjects mostly fear and hate you. They want Celestia back and for you to go away forever. A thousand years, and nothing has really changed.So this is what winning feels like. This is the victory you longed for.Giving a nod to your stoic Lunar Guards posted outside your door, you head inside to retire for the day. A heavy sigh escapes you as you make your way over to your vanity. Well actually, Celestia's vanity, to be exact. Everything, even this entire castle, is stolen from her. Acceptable collateral for all she stole from you those many years ago, you suppose, though you still haven't had time to really make the transfer of ownership 'official' by redecorating. You had some moon and night banners around the castle, but that was about it. Heavens above, you're still sleeping in a sun-themed bed for crying out loud. Well, it's not like any tailors are offering their services to make any custom, night-themed bed sheets for you.You regard the reflection you see in the mirror... Yes, a very sad mare is still there. This hasn't changed, even after what was supposed to be your hour of glory. Slowly, you remove your iconic helmet, setting it down in front of you. Heavy locks of your spectral-coloured mane droop down your forehead, taking a more physical, hair-like shape once freed from the headgear. As usual, the rest of it trails behind you, stars twinkling within constellations that only you had cared to memorize."He was simply jesting." You say to yourself, to let yourself down just one last time before the end of the morning.Your reflection didn't smile much these days... Then again, it didn't smile much a thousand years ago, either. You had done just much as her, so why couldn't they have loved you like they loved her? Again, you sigh, albeit a bit more angrily, this time. You had spent over a thousand years trying to find an answer to that question, and haven't come up with a remotely satisfying answer. Damn it all, it was just so unfair...Summoning your dark magic, you remove your lilac-coloured chest piece, and set it onto the Celestia-sized mannequin next to you. Next, you set your helmet on top of it. Finally, your four regal, sparkling shoes are the last to come off. The mare in the mirror looks noticeably different without her trademark 'spooky' regalia. The fangs and irises are enough to keep you frightening enough if you must be, you suppose.There you are, completely naked, just like a commoner. They'd like that, right? Make you seem a bit more relatable? You scoff softly at that thought, it would take a lot more than simply undressing like them to win them over.Still... It bothered you greatly that Anonymous had said that his comments were insincere. That was truly hurtful, even if he hadn't meant it to be that way. Frankly, you're shocked that it affects you so. You've taken sharper words from your own subjects, so why does it sting so much coming from him?Oh come now, you know the answer to that, don't play clueless with yourself. It's because now you like him in a way you haven't before, you pathetic little schoolfilly, and now he's just taunting you. Perhaps it's mostly your fault, though. He had shown signs of interest towards you, and you rejected him. He even remained completely and utterly loyal to you despite this. A regretful mistake on your part.Anonymous had been the only one not to run from you or attempt to "stop" you. In fact, he seemed to be on your side from the very beginning when you had first found him, and he seemed strangely well-informed of the circumstances regarding your mission. But he had helped you secure your revenge, and has remained close to you since.He was by no means attractive in the conventional pony-sense for obvious reasons, but still... There was a sort of 'exotic' charm to him. He appeared very different, but not necessarily unpleasant to look at. If anything, you could say that his looks are an acquired, alien taste, and he's really grown on you.Grumbling to yourself, you decide that there's no point dwelling on it. With no spring in your step, you dreadfully trudge over to Celestia's grandiose bed, and crawl beneath the white, sun-themed covers. Made for an alicorn, designed specifically for her, and appropriated by you. It even still smelled like her usual perfume-y scent, since you hadn't found time to give the sheets a proper wash. Over a thousand years later, and she still used that same scent of perfume. Deep down, it felt like your sister's last laugh at you. A reminder that you may have beaten her, but that you're still in HER world.Oh, that perfect, insufferable bitch.As you close your eyes, you wonder if Anon still has any feelings like that for you, still. The kind that he would keep from himself because he knows what would come of them already. Perhaps he's thinking of you right now? Oh, don't flatter yourself, he's made up his-... Well... Maybe it wouldn't hurt to 'check.'You feel yourself becoming lighter and lighter as you work your way through the conscious realm. Inwardly, you smile as you enter the one place Celestia could never take from you, even after a millennium of being imprisoned within your own element.You enter the dreamscape.Searching for the correct dream wouldn't be difficult, since it was literally a stone's throw a way from you down the hall. Before taking the plunge, you ponder quizzically about what kind of dreams a creature like Anonymous would have. Does he dream about his old world? His old life?He had told you early on that he was not a native to this planet, and that he should have turned left at "Albert-kerkee;" His words. Must have been some kind of his-world humour... You chose to spare yourself that headache, since you could barely keep up with the humour of this world's present age. In a shocking contrast to what Equestria may think, you actually did like to laugh, just only at things that were actually funny.But perhaps he has a family that he misses back home, or old friends that he longs for? The human mind could be a fascinating thing. Hesitating no longer, you propel yourself forward, entering the dream of Anonymous.*~*~*~*	Opening your eyes, you glance around to scan your surroundings. You're in a rather strange, urban place. There is pavement under your hooves, as well as numerous painted yellow lines. Before you lies a field of concrete, odd, metal contraptions sat idly within the confines of the painted, rectangular parameters on the ground. In the distance, you could see numerous tall skyscrapers and other buildings against the cloudless, blue sky horizon.Were you getting a glimpse at his home world? It is perhaps a little... overdeveloped for your tastes, but you had to admit, there was still some beauty to it. Humans must certainly make their claim to ownership of their land very clear. Admirable, especially if they are the dominant species of their world....But where is Anonymous?After an about face, you lay your eyes on the strangest building you have ever seen, which is quite a statement, given how you have frequented many brothels in Equestria and abroad that could have taken the "strangest building ever" title. It's a rather colourful building, with an almost sort of carnival theme to it."Chuck E. Cheese?" You mutter, reading the grand sign on the building's roof. "Is that the moniker of the purveyor of this peculiar establishment?" Shall you cross into the final frontier...? Yes, you believe you shall. You're not quite sure what to expect, but you mentally steel yourself for what you believe today's youth refers to as 'some pretty fucked-up shit.'Approaching the door, you encounter your first obstacle. This portal was clearly not designed for equines in consideration. You attempt to push it open, but it will not budge....Your patience has run out in a new record of six seconds.*~*~*~**~*~*~*The front vestibule shatters in a spectacular storm of ice-like glass shards as the piercing sound of the brittle windows breaking is rivalled only by the loud metal clanging made by the refuse depository that you magically hurled through it at terminal velocity. Thankful that you are still wearing your regal shoes in your dream form, you step over the glass pieces without hesitation. Looking around, you try to make sense of this place... and after several moments, you managed to make precisely none.To your left, various humans sit at desks, in front of each of them were odd plastic devices that would emit a ringing noise. When this happened, the human behind the device would pick up a bar-shaped portion of the machine, hold it up to one of their ears, and ask no one in particular how much they would like to donate to something called "Pee bee ess."To your right, you spotted two more humans sitting on a couch who looked rather... "animated" in appearance. One of them had a beard of black, and wore a similarly coloured wool hat, imprinted with the image of a skull. For a symbol so bold, the human in question looked rather harmless. Another human sat next to him, and had hair of crimson, the likes you had never seen before, though he seemed to have more of it upon his chin than on his head. Shouts of frustration and profanity came frequently from the pair, almost always followed by uproarious laughter. You could not tell what exactly what they were doing, but they seemed to be engaged in whatever was happening on that glowing rectangle in front of them. Occasionally, you could hear them shout something about how they were "Riding to Hell."Those humans were insane, undoubtedly. You scrutinize the odd scenes before you more carefully, Anonymous has to be around here, somewhere... Wait a moment, was that him?Walking forward and passing through a small, impromptu barrier of pool noodles, you spot Anonymous on the ground, dressed in what appears to be a classic striped stickball uniform of sorts, complete with cap. You tilt your head to read the team name stitched on his back. The 'Ottawa Sockem-Boppers'? Anonymous seemed to be frantically searching for something unseen on the floor. Behind him, a sinister looking character appeared to be holding a female hostage, pressing a miniature stickball bat to her throat as if he intended to slit her throat with it.This entire experience was... words have failed you. Dying a little inside, you make a note to never give the minds of extra-terrestrial beings undue credit before diving into their dreams."Anonymous?"He doesn't look up, but continues crawling around on the floor, searching. "I can't stop now, they're around here somewhere..." He mutters. The floor is fairly open, anything laying upon it would not stay hidden for long."What exactly are you seeking, Anonymous?""THE CODE, THE CODE, I MUST HAVE THE CODE!!" He shouts up at you rather unexpectedly.You actually recoil at this, he's never shouted at you before. "What code?" You're almost afraid to ask, fearing what reaction such a question would provoke in this strange, unstable state of his.He simply looks up to you and presses a single finger to his lips. "Remember, no Russian."Your expression deflates as you've decided that trying to have a conversation with Anonymous in this state would be a waste of time. With a roll of your eyes, your black horn lights up with a prepared spell. "We probably should not have expected you to be capable of lucid dreaming, Anonymous."Conjuring the right spell, you send a beam sparkling blue magic directly at him. He remains still for a moment, until the enchantment finally takes effect. Anonymous looks up, looking at the various outrageous scenes around him with the same confusion as you had."Uhhh... What the fuck is this shit?" He glances down, surprised at the garments he wears.You give a light scoff as you approach him, though satisfied that he is now in a coherent state of mind. "This is what you dream of, evidently. Does any of this hold any particular meaning to you?" A blink of confusion and then a look of understanding dawns upon him. He takes a look around, to which his face contorts as he, too, tries to make sense of any of it. "Err, no, not really. I didn't pick any of this shit, my brain just took some random memories, threw them into a blender, and came up with this scenario, I guess."Some rather strange memories, you surmise."Is this normally how humans dream? You seemed rather... involved in the nonsense."He shrugs. "Yeah, it's pretty weird, but strangely enough, it all makes perfect sense at the time when you're in the dream for whatever reason. It's only afterwards when I wake-," He suddenly snaps into realization. "Hey... wait a second, how the hell do I now realize that I'm in my dream? And hold on, you can't actually be the real Luna, you're just a mental projection of her based off of the memories of her that I have in my brain!"You can only give a hard scoff and an eye roll at that. "It is Our utmost assurance that We are the genuine article, Anonymous." Frankly, you feel a tad insulted to be called nothing more than an apparition. "We are the princ- the QUEEN of the night, Anonymous. Dreams are Our domain. We beg of you to give Us at least some credit."He nods, seemingly satisfied with your explanation. "Ohh... Makes sense.""Does it, though?"He blinks. "...Nah, not really." You both share a chuckle as you wrap one of your feathered black wings around him. He returns the gesture with a friendly, one-armed hug. Finally, he asks that initiating question that you've quietly been dreading since making the decision to come here.  "So... what are you doing here, exactly?" You swallow as you try to think of how to word your answer. Trying to think of a way to tactfully explain yourself proves to be a bit of a challenge, but then you look around and remember exactly where you are right now. "We entered your dream because We intended to confront you about the comments made to Us during court tonight, and should this conversation take an uncomfortable turn, We may simply flee and erase your memory of this dream ever happening."Anon nods in understanding. "Oh." He stops nodding. "Wait, what?""WHY DIDST THOU PROCLAIM THAT THOU WERE MERELY JESTING, ANON? ARE WE NOT BEAUTIFUL ENOUGH BY THY REPUGNANT ALIEN STANDARDS? OR DOES THOU SIMPLY ENJOY PLAYING SICK, TWISTED GAMES WITH THY QUEEN'S HEART?"You may have slipped into the old Royal Canterlot voice, but you will admit, you lost a bit of control, there. All the figments of personas in the pizzeria were now staring squarely at the both of you, as if Anon's subconscious was now fully engrossed on the scene you were making. You didn't care, however. You are a damned QUEEN, and you will not be ignored.Anon looks to be caught a bit off guard, his body spasms as though he's being electrocuted when your booming words hit him. He quickly collects himself, albeit with a look of confusion. "Whoa, hey, where the hell is this coming from? I thought you were sick and tired of me hitting on you? In fact, I'm pretty sure I remember you making a twist on the 'lipstick on a pig' metaphor by referring to me as 'a shaved monkey in a suit.'"He did have a point, you've denounced his romantic advancements in the past, so it's only right that he be frustrated with these... mixed messages you're sending."Yyyes..." Your mind races, desperately trying to formulate some kind of argument to justify striking down the precedent you set. "B-but, upon reflection, We realize that perhaps We were... severely mistaken?" Your fangs show in the pleading smile you give. He usually likes that.He folds his arms, raising an eyebrow. "Oh really? What changed, then?"Oh nebula above, he's really going to make you figuratively prostrate yourself before him for his affections now, isn't he? Perhaps it serves you right."It is... difficult to explain. For these past few nights, We have found Ourselves immersed in vast amounts of... err... 'personal reflection,' let us call it." Yes, that sounds along the right track. "We have been so consumed with our revenge, and now that We have taken it, We have been able to simply... Observe internally what We have now, after all of this."Anon doesn't look convinced, he shakes his head. "And? What did your search turn up that's making you reconsider how you feel towards me? That the sweet victory of yours is little more bitter than you thought it would be?"You swallow nervously, rather out of character for yourself, but he hit the nail on the head rather well, there. Not feeling so powerful now, are you, Queen of Darkness? "We have found... That We rule over a land that resents us, and..." You feel that awful sting you haven't truly felt in a long time, that one right in your heart. "...And that even after all this time, nopony loves Us, nor wants Us. Everyone wishes that We would just disappear back into the darkness forever." Your head droops, but no tears would fall. Enough had been shed over the last millennium, now you could properly hold them back at this point. You had more or less come to terms with the standing in this world that you would permanently hold in comparison to Celestia....and that you would always lose, even when you've won. It still hurt."Luna-," Anon unfolds his arms, looking like he wants to reach out to you, but you aren't finished yet."And it is just that... We share a special bond, and We may have been slightly... ignorant of it, up until recently. We did not think so highly of you when We first met, you seemed like a useful tool to thwart Celestia and Elements... In fact, We may have intended to simply abandon you in the Badlands once We had taken the throne...""Oh. Christ." You admit, the thought of doing that to him now makes your stomach feel a bit queasy. "...But, you began to grow on Us. You genuinely cared for Our company, and made Us feel the joy of companionship that We have not felt in very long time."Anon scratches his head and awkwardly looks off to the side. "A long-...? Hold on, You've had a boyfrie- er, companion before?"You angrily roll your eyes, "YES, We have had boyfriends before!" You snarl. "It was a thousand years-..." You stop dead. No, wait, you need to do a quick mental fact-check. "It was eleven hundred-" No no, he doesn't count, that one had said he only wanted to be friends, so that would mean... "We have not had a boyfriend in one thousand, four hundred and ninety three years." Oh dear.Anonymous visibly recoils in shock at your number while you simply look away in shame, clearing your throat. "Yes, it has been awhile since someone has treated Us the way you do.""I'll fucking say!" He blurts, his hand on his head still bewildered by such a large number.Recomposing yourself, you face him once again "Yes, the point is, We may have been a little... consumed with Our own goals, and We were unsure of how We truly felt about you. However, it has become much clearer as of late, in light of your gestures of devotion to Us...""Like helping you overthrow your sister and taking over the country.""...Such as that, yes. We have taken your loyalty and love for granted, Anonymous, and We wish to apologize for this." Huh. That was a little easier than expected. It felt... liberating, actually, like righting a wrong.Anon looks a little confused, flustered, even. "I won't lie, Moony, that sounds like a pretty shitty explanation for your change of heart, but, uhh... it all works out in both of our favours, so I suppose I'll buy it. So, er, apology accepted, I guess?" He shrugs. "I wasn't secretly resenting you for rejecting me or anything. I could accept that it was as simple as 'you're not interested.' I wouldn't still be hanging around with you if I didn't really value the relationship we have, after all. Er-, whatever capacity that relationship may be."The heat goes to your face as you prepare to ask this, you feel like a nervous filly for crying out loud. "Yes, well... In light of these personal revelations, We would like to accept your invitation to courtship. That is, if you will still offer it..."He scratches his chin as he contemplates this, his gaze hardens in scrutiny as he ponders. Stars above, is he actually uncertain about this? He could turn the tables and reject you as you did to him!"I dunno... Now that you mention all this, you really did put me through the emotional ringer. Maybe I could be swayed with an act to affirm the sincerity of your words?"Oh no, he can't be serious. Is he honestly asking for what you think he is asking? Well... you can't say that he's not entitled to some sort of 'emotional compensation' for how you took advantage of him, especially if you got all of Equestria out of it. It's only fair, you suppose. He is a male, and you have an idea of what males like."Oh, fie... You're suggesting some form of sexual bribery, aren't you? Very well, if that is what We must give to make things right with you..." You begin to turn around and lift your ethereal tail to present to Anon, but before you can turn all the way around, he places a firm hand on your flank to prevent you from doing so."WHOAWHOAWHOA, Luna, stop! I was JOKING!"Uh oh, you must have offended him, you should not have assumed he would be interested in sexual intercourse at all. His culture must view it with disdain. Your heart sinks, he must not want you anymore..."Listen... It was never about trying to get to your mare parts. I like you, alright? That didn't change when you said you weren't interested, I kept working and hanging out with you and being your friend because you were pretty good to me in return." He gently pushes your rear end back in the direction you had sent it from, bringing you back to face him. "You don't owe me some kind of 'reparation sex' or whatever the hell you were thinking. I think you're a great pony, and I'm thrilled that you've decided that you like me even more now. So yes, the invitation is still open, unconditionally."Your heart soars in your chest as his words wash over you. "Y-you... think We are a 'great pony'...?""Well, to me, you are, anyways." He shrugs. "I'm pretty sure your coup and all those executions you've been doing have been pissing off the rest of the country, but... meh. Fuck 'em."Before you even realize what you're doing, you find yourself taking Anon in a warm embrace. Wings outstretched and wrapped around his smaller form, you bury his face into the crook of your neck. He protests slightly at first, but makes himself comfortable and returns the hug. You feel that familiar sting of tears in your eyes, and you do your best to keep them back. You don't want Anon to see you any weaker than you've already made yourself appear to be.	You voice shakes just a bit as you whisper to him, "Thank you... Thank you for wanting Us..."Savouring his touch for a little longer, you decide to take it just a little further. You break the hug only to bring your face closer to his. Emboldened by these new developments, you place your lips against his, which elicits a suppressed yelp from him, but he quickly melts further into you, enjoying the kiss. Now THIS... Oh how you've missed this feeling, your heart soaring high among the stars. This felt better than claiming your thousand year vengeance against your sister, and you didn't think anything could top that. You feel one of his hands stroking affectionately down the side of your neck His touch feels so... warm, and lovely and fulfilling. To be perfectly honest, it's really getting your motor running, so to say.As much as it pains you, you break off your oral assault. "Anonymous... We have known each other for a sufficient amount of time now, and the both of us have taken part in some rather bonding experiences together... What do you say we... 'skip to the good part?'"Your green-faced lover gives a look of confusion. "...The 'good part'? D-do uh... Do you mean...?""Ohoho!" You cast your head back, chuckling heartily, then wipe away a figurative tear from your eye. "Oh, Anonymous, dearest... If We may make this hypothetical comparison, We do not read an erotic novel for the 'immersive story', now do We?"The look on his face let's you know that he now understands your gist. "Moony, I told you already, you don't have to do that for me."Oh, this silly, silly boy. With all the speed of a dangerous predator, you knock Anonymous off his balance backwards, only to catch him in the clutches of your hoof. A wily grin on your face, you bring it closer to your now captured prey, giving it a sensuous smooch. "Oh, little star... We did not mean it for you, specifically..." You take a deep inhale of his scent before running your tongue upwards along the side of his face. "...We meant it for US." It appears your feminine charm has not waned too badly during your fourteen hundred-year dry spell, as he seems to be reduced to a blushing, babbling, semi-responsive mess.It is at that moment when you look up and become painfully aware that everyone in the building is staring at you two. Swallowing the lump in your throat, you meet the gazes of every dream figure currently inhabiting the building. Seeing the look on your face, Anonymous, still swept off his feet in your grasp, tilts his head back to see what caused you to stop. Freeing himself from your grasp, he stands up straight. Everyone is staring at the two of you making out and about to engage in coitus, but don't seem perturbed at all."Oh, uh, they're not real, you know. Technically, they're all just figments of my psyche." He scratches his chin in realization, "In fact, that reminds me..."Taking the free moment, Anonymous taps into the inner working of the dream world. The loose, baggy stickball uniform he is currently adorning morphs into his distinctive trademark charcoal two-piece suit with red tie. Seeing that his manipulation worked, Anon turns his attention to the gawking crowd who were hoping to get a fun show. With nothing but a squint of focus, every person in the pizzeria morphs into copies of Anon, himself. You're a little taken aback in surprise, suddenly find yourself dripping slightly in arousal in front of a crowd of Anonymouses.The original turns back to you with a proud grin on his face. "They're basically all me, anyway. Just think of all those staring eyes as twinkling stars or something. Now, uh, where were we?" He approaches you with the intent on resuming your coupling."TAKE IT OFF""CUM INSIDE NIGHTMARE MOON!""LET'S SEE THAT GLORIOUS WINKING MAREPUSSY WHOO!""SQUEEZE THOSE MOONS""CAN WE SPITROAST HER?""My feet hurt...""FINISH THE JOB, JAMES. BLOW THEM ALL TO HELL."In all honesty, you don't know how to feel about this. You want to be infuriated that these insufferable little RATS have the gall to shout such perverted comments at you... but they are all technically Anon. Well, this is a rather awkward situation, indeed."Anonymous, please..." you groan."Guhh, FINE."With a snap of his fingers, every Anonymous in the room, apart from the one in front of you, disappears in silent puff of colourful confetti. All of the strange props lying around, as well as the tables and chairs disappear, too. The entire building is emptied out, leaving just you and Anon standing on a tacky, checker-board style floor with dim lighting. He snaps his fingers once again, and a large king-sized bed materialized from thin air just in front of the both of you.You gasp in surprise, bringing a hoof to your chest. It even has MOON themed covers on it! This man is such a sweetheart.With little care or finesse, you remove your helmet and chestpiece, tossing them aside to clang loudly upon their landing on the floor. You do the the same with your shoes, kicking them off in whatever direction. Giddy, you climb onto the bed and beckon for your lover. "Our body has been neglected and starved of contact for quite some time..." You grin wickedly, licking your lips as Anon joins you, shedding his suit jacket. "...Let Us break Our fast."Kneeling in front of you, he seems to he taking his precious time disrobing. Deciding that you've waited too long for this, your horn lights up. Taking a hold of his garments, they are torn from his body with the audible noise of fabric ripping. Finally, you witness a fully naked Anonymous for the first time, and such a primal, alien form he has... It's so odd, yet so succulent, as well. Looking downward, you spot what must be his genitalia. Odd, his testicles are like that of a stallion's, yet he has no sheath. That must mean his penis is always extended, then? Goodness, that must be very uncomfortable to live with constantly. Discovering extraterrestrial physiology is so fascinating!Oh well, you shall grant him relief soon enough. "Excellent, first, we sha-"You're interrupted by a sudden weight on your back, his arms reach around your barrel, and you find yourself being hugged from behind. Turning your head, you feel Anon planting a tender kiss on the side of your neck, lovingly stroking the other side with those magic fingers of his. A sultry moan escapes your lips as he continues his ministrations. Perhaps you were okay with him taking the lead on this... Yes, that sounds splendid, you feel so weary...The fact that you've become a stationary, moaning mess completely unbefitting of a mare of your station flies completely over your head as Anon continues assaulting your neck with kisses. You weakly raise your hoof in an attempt to reach back and return the physical contact, but there's no way your joints would even allow you to reach him from his current angle, so you're not quite sure what you were hoping to accomplish. Your outstretched limp simply becomes another casualty as he gently takes it with another hand, stroking it affectionately. From your hoof, running down to your forearm, his massage further cements your submissive state. Oh how you just want to feel him touch you EVERYWHERE.That wish may be fulfilled sooner than you think as the trail of kisses leads lower and lower. Stars above, it's been too long since you have felt a warm, wet tongue tread so close down there. You feel his hands on your sides, giving a gentle pat. Taking the hint, you roll over, exposing your slim, black belly to him. You're breathing heavily now, your barrel rising and falling as your body's sexual response cycle takes command.Looking down, you see Anon poke his head up, taking in the sight of your exposed underside. You have to admit, you're feeling a little insecure. "I-is Our form to thy liking?""I could ask the same thing from YOU." He responds. You laugh at such a notion, as his strange, exotic flesh has proven to be much to your liking, especially when coupled with the sexual prowess he has been displaying thus far."Your body is most deliciously to our liking, Anonymous. Please..." Breathing heavy, your voice drips with need. "Make Us yours."With nothing more than a promising smile, Anon's head lowers back down towards your nethers. A kiss on your belly makes you close your eyes and whip your head back in ecstasy, as he's certainly hitting all the right spots. Lower and lower he travels once again, but then he stops unexpectedly. Opening your eyes, you're about to look down to see what caused this unwelcome interruption... ...When you feel his fingers trace gently along your teats. "Eep!"Those delicate strokes turn into gentle squeezes and massages as Anonymous begins to discover your twin mounds. In no time at all, you feel those soft, warm lips of his make contact with one of them. Slowly and painstakingly, he draws little lines with his tongue, the sensation drives you wild as you fight to keep from thrashing wildly in passion. It reaches its highest point when you finally feel his lips take a hold of the nipple. "Ooohhoh, An-n-om- Am-mono..." The sensation is too much as the most blissful feeling in the world comes from the light suckles you feel on your udder.The other teat does not go neglected, as his fingers rub and play with the other nipple, but after a few more kisses and suckles, Anon makes a tactical retreat. You actually feel disappointed that he's deciding to move on. When you look down, however, you could swear that he has a look of disappointment, too, as he still stares upon your massaged teats. Could he have been expecting...? Good gracious, it's been forever since... "We are afraid that We have no nourishment to give you, Anonymous. You are roughly fifteen hundred years too late for that..."Your voice breaks his trance. "Huh? Wait, is that really the last time you...?"Now this could be interesting, but you suppose it wouldn't hurt to tell him. "Yes, We are afraid that We have not lactated since We nursed Our last child, which was around fifteen hundred years ago. A shame, really. Such a relaxin-""Whoa, you had a child?!"You scoff and roll your eyes, a seemingly common occurrence when speaking with Anonymous. You should probably become used to doing that. "Yes, Anonymous. It may surprise you, but during Our long life, We were blessed with the gift of motherhood on several occasions. Celestia, as well."His eyes widen at this revelation, "Oh wow, that's nuts." Your hardened gaze prompts his speedy clarification. "I-I mean, not that you having kids is nuts, but, I mean... Whoulda thunk it?"Now that you think about it, you briefly find yourself with that familiar longing, but then you remember why exactly both you and your sister decided to stop having children. They did not share your immortality, and eventually having to bury every child you brought into the world took a toll on you. To think, your youngest child has been dead for 14 centuries now...Oh... come now, are you truly going to let this destroy your mood now of all times? When you're about to have intercourse? Damn it all, you shouldn't have let him play with your teats like that..."Wait a minute... This is my dream, and I have free reign over everything." Anon's voice suddenly brings you back to the world of the unconscious. You mean to question what he means by that, when the answer comes instantly.A slight pressure begins to build beneath your udders, though not necessarily painful, is definitely uncomfortable. "Ooh, what are you doing? This is... most unpleasant!" He hushes you when you look down to see that your once tiny mounds have swollen ever so slightly. You drop your head back, and let out a groan, both in discomfort, and annoyance at the fact that he's doing this to you."Just lay back and relax... I'll take care of it." Once again, he lightly runs his fingers over your now swollen teats, though it's not quite the same now, they feel so sensitive and aching. Like a blast from the past, you're reminded of your last pregnancy oh so long ago."P-please... Anonymous...""Shhh... I will, I will..." He's taking his time on purpose, torturing you, that bastard. You wish he would stop cupping and squeezing them like that, it's only aggravating them more...Finally, it happens. You give a relieved moan as his lips finally latches onto a nipple and that sweet release of pressure washes over you. Lightly, he suckles, taking in your sweet ambrosia. The aching soreness fades away, replaced by an ecstasy you haven't felt for even longer than the last time you simply had sex. Your breath steadies as you simply concentrate of the relaxing feeling of your milk passing through your udders. "Ohh... This is... this is..." You can't finish your thought, though. It's too hard. There's a brief pause when he stops, but it doesn't take long for him to resume with the other swollen breast. Deep down, you really hope that he likes it... But of course he does, he wouldn't be drinking it so greedily if he didn't. After a few more suckles, both teats have been depleted of their creamy bounty. Your nipples were tender, it felt so marvellous, so... feminine. He is really making you feel like a mare again. Yes, you believe you'll definitely be keeping him around for some time."How's that for foreplay?" He quips confidently. A low, guttural moan is all you can give in response. How did he know how to get you so aroused?! It must be some mysterious alien magic...Anon kneels over you, when you finally see it, standing at full glory is his striking symbol of masculinity... if that's indeed what is held in high regard for what constitutes 'masculinity' in his culture. For an exotic alien cock, it looks rather pleasant, actually. Admittedly it is smaller than an equine stallion's, but you'll reserve your judgment."So am I clear to put it in, or do you wanna keep staring at it some more?""Your queen orders you to RUT HER!"He grins giddily, "As you wish..."As his body makes its way back down onto yours, you feel his tip prod your entrance. Oh goodness, that alone feels so nice... Over a thousand years of involuntary celibacy has made you pretty eager, hasn't it? You suppress a moan as his warm, hard flesh parts your opening, sliding inwards. OH NEBULA, THAT FEELS GLORIOUS. On the brink of shouting, Anon silences any attempt by sealing your mouth with his. You will have to be satisfied with the muffled moan you give into him. Moving his hips back, you already feel the longing, the NEED. It may not be as big as a stallion's, but it still certainly hits the right spots.Working up a rhythm, he continues pounding your dripping flower. He seems to be expending the most energy, but you simply cannot work up the strength to move, which is fine with you, oh how you could take this all day! But to your credit, you clench down upon him as much as you can. Even so many years later, you secretly pride yourself on sublime vaginal muscle control, and completely feeling every glorious inch of that thick, rock-hard piece of him leaves you a slack-jawed, moaning mess.Oh, the indignity...His grunts become more laboured, his breaths becoming heavier. "Lu... Luna... You nearly there?"What? Did he say something? It's so hard to concentrate... "Y-... A-ahh... Alm- Anhh...!" You're suddenly taken by that amazing feeling of him sucking on your neck, again. How could he expect a response from you when he does this?"I'm... just about..."That's when your mind snaps back to life. Your great black wings try to flare, but it proves impossible for them to do so while on your back. Your body clamps around his, as if spring-loaded "YES! YES!! INSIDE! CLAIM US!" With your limit reached, the dam breaks and orgasmic energy rushes through your entire body. Any other time, you would regret and apologize for unleashing the Royal Canterlot Voice directly into Anon's ear, but not now.You clamp down hard upon him, your marehood creating a seal to milk his cock for all of the seed it would give. His groans signal his own release, and sure enough, you can feel him pulse and twitch inside of you. You let out another blissful moan, the feeling of his sperm filling your womb making you feel like a new mare.Still holding each other tight, it seems that neither of you want to let the other go, and you certainly wanted to keep his softening member still within you. Despite your heaving chest trying to regain your breath, you take hold of Anon's head with your hooves one more time and bring him close for another deep kiss. He gives no protest as he lets your dominating tongue into his orifice. Drinking deep of his flavour one last time, you break it off, content with simply holding him close as he rests on top of you"Oh Anonymous... That was... magnificent... We could just fall asleep like this."A moment passes before he breaks the silence. "But... We are."*~*~*~**~*~*~*Your eyelids are heavy as you struggle slightly to open them, returning to the realm of the fully-conscious.You are Anonymous, and you had a pretty good day's sleep. That's no strange feeling, though, since you've gotten used to sleeping in all day long before you came to Equestria. In fact, you feel surprisingly recharged, you're not sure why, though.Summoning that initial burst of strength to get you started on your night, you heave yourself up off the bed... and are immediately frozen in shock at the slimy feeling of goo rubbing against your junk. Sure enough, the stain on the front of your undies says it all"God fucking damn it!"*~*~*~**~*~*~*After a quick evening shower, the spunked pair of underwear finds a home in the nearest laundry pile. Brushing your teeth and clothing yourself with a fresh suit, you're ready to take on a resentful world with a kind of mood that says 'hey world, I'm the guy who helped banish the princess you loved so dearly! Have a great night!' And they said you'd never amount to anything. Ha, now who's laughing?You can't shake this chipper feeling you've got right now, not that you're complaining. You still can't put your finger on why, though. It doesn't really matter, you suppose. There's nothing quite like the feeling that tonight's just going to be great. "Speaking of grrrrreat, time to get me some cereal!"A trip to the royal kitchen reveals it to be empty of anyone else. Do the kitchen take off early on Friday night or something? That's okay, you can help yourself. With a spring in your step, you grab yourself a bowl, some milk, and box of Powerballs© cereal (Now with more Power©!). Just as you sit down and start to enjoy your sugary breakfast-for-supper, the Lady of the Night strolls in with an uncharacteristic smile on her face. "The sun sets, and so begins the darkness and silence of the night!""What a thrill.""Good evening to you, Anonymous~!" Her step is so light, she practically dances over next to you. Wow, she seems to be in a pretty good mood, too. Today must have been a good day for sleeping all around."Evenin' Luney Lune. What's got you feeling so moony?"Her smile immediately drops, but she keeps her gaze locked with yours. "Do... do you not remember?"You pause mid-bite, looking off to the side. "Uhhh... Remember what?" Oh shit, looks like you may have forgotten something important, and that look she's giving you tells you that's not the answer she was looking for.She takes a second to recompose herself, blinking hard in disbelief. "*ahem*, Does thou not remember any... peculiar dreams thou may have had today?" You continue to chew, thinking hard on this. "Any... strange... enlightening... RAUNCHY dreams...?" She leans in, drilling into your skull with her eyes while you remain oblivious.You ponder some more, before shrugging. "Nope, can't say that I do."She's still giving that dreadful stare, and you think she may have shut down... but you really don't know what she's talking about. "See, that's the funny thing about dreams, you almost always forget what they were about as soon as you wake up-" A quiet splash interrupts you. "Uh... Luna? I'd kinda like to eat my breakfast, could you please take your face out of it?"*~*~*~*	After that weird start, the rest of the night seemed to get even weirder. You can't put your finger on it, but something seems 'off' with Moony. Like, more so than usual. Sure, everyone was pretty used to seeing Nightmare Moon and her normal frowny self, everyone else, that is. With the history you two shared, you were kind of the exception to being on the receiving end of that venomous look. Not tonight, though.The evening would be fairly uneventful, as were most late Friday nights/early Saturday mornings. That was the beauty of Nightmare Moon flipping all government-related functions upside down to abide by her hours. Living by the night meant that you were awake when the day of the week transitioned to the next at the strike of midnight, and boy did that fuck up your sense of time good and proper. Since there was no court on weekends..."...And with that, We shall conclude this night's session. The Royal court shall hear cases again on the midnight of Monday. Good night to all." Mondays and Fridays were court 'half-nights'. Your weekend had officially begun.The court staffers see to the last of their paperwork for the night before heading home for the weekend. Nightmare Moon leaves them to their work, and vacates her throne without waiting for you. She's been pretty agitated with you tonight, like you're just another subject now. She barely even had any use for you during court, in fact, she delegated most of your regular fetching duties to one of the guards. This isn't right... She's in a bad mood, and you need to bring her out of it.At first, she gave you the usual death-glare when you suggested the two of you start your weekend off with a nice game of midnight tennis, a delightful spin on regular tennis, but played at midnight. She had mostly been glued to that throne of hers all week, so the chance to run around for a little bit would be good for her. You're not sure if that argument is what managed to convince her, but nonetheless, she grumbled that she would meet you on the court. That brought a smile to your face, a chance to have some real, non-work related quality time with Moony.Hopefully it would snap her out of her miserable mood and bring a smile to her face, too.*~*~*~**~*~*~*You like to consider yourself a pretty good sport... but this game was turning out to be some serious bullshit.Your Queen's expressionless face calls out in plain tone, "Our serve."Oh fuck, not again. The last six serves have been hers. You're not even sure if she's keeping score, or if she even cares. Plus, judging by the dozens of welts and bruises now covering your shoulders, thighs, chest and abdomen, you're starting to get the idea that she may be 'faulting' her serves on purpose. In earnest fear, you grip your tennis racket as if it's the one thing protecting you from her, because in reality, it is.She casually tosses the bright green ball into the air with her magic before her face twists with rage. "RRgh!" *WHUMP!*"GaaAGH!" For about the tenth time, you crumple to the ground in pain, clutching the point of impact on your soft midsection. "AAaah! Fuck!" You scream as agonizing pain shoots through your stomach, but also a blinding rage builds up in your head. The Queen of Equestria is really starting to piss you off, now. Whatever axe she had to grind with you, she is doing so with rather blunt force.She simply twiddles her racket in her magical grip, lazily, a look of boredom on her face. "Oh dear, another faulty serve on Our part. Do you want to continue?"Grabbing the bright green tennis ball sitting idly next to you where it had fallen, you rise once again to your feet, a seething-hot glare of rage in your eyes, and frothing at the mouth. "OF COURSE I WANT TO BLOODY CONTINUE!"You're seeing so much red that you don't even have time to think your action through. Before you know it, you toss the ball lightly in the air, and spike it directly at her as hard as you can. Luna never even sees it coming as the impromptu artillery round strikes her squarely in the flank, with the fashionable sporting skirt she wears offering little in way of protection. "Gaah!" Her yelp of anguish puts a smile on your face. Serves her right.The black queen doesn't share your amusement, "YOU- You insolent little RAT!"You shrug, with no small hint of self-satisfaction. "So sorry, t'was a faulty serve on our part. Pass it back, let me try again!"She bears her fangs as her expression twists into a fierce scowl. Though you can't quite make out the quiet muttering from this distance, you think it sounded an awful lot like, "Oh, We shall pass it back, alright..."You blink, and then you feel a mach-force impact you right on your left shoulder. Giving another yell of pain, it's pretty clear what this 'friendly' weekend tennis game has devolved into. Fuelled with fury, you're glad that her coat is black and purple, so that the bruises won't be so visible.Back and forth, the match goes on, neither side scoring, aside from the frequent cries of pain from both sides, if those were to count as points. A small trickle of blood leaks from Nightmare's muzzle from a particularly well-placed shot of yours, but your torso is now like that of a severely bruised tomato. Finally, after a strenuous battle, both sides declare defeat as the two of you collapse to the clay, heaving with exhaustion. Your entire body hurts something fierce, but you can't imagine she's feeling much better. Good......Why is that 'good'? Why are you doing this? Why did you deliberately assault Nightmare Moon? More importantly, why did she assault you?! You can't believe that you actually got a satisfaction from hurting Luna. What the hell is going on between you two?"Why?! Why, Luna, WHYYYY?!" You scream across the court at the fallen form of the nation's ruler. She can hear you, and she knows damn well what you're talking about, but she doesn't move. Does she not know the answer, either? Is she having a bad day? Did someone piss in her coffee again? When you first woke up, she seemed to be in a great mood, and then she turned into a complete bitch in the blink of an eye. You crawl your way up to the net, eager to look this problem in the glowing teal, dragon-like eye.Still, she remains unresponsive and motionless, which almost become a cause for concern until you hear what you think is a sniffle, and see her make some kind of wiping gesture with her hoof to her face.Finally, she gets up, none too happy with you. "WHY DID THOU HAVE TO FORGET?!"Ow. "Wh-"She angrily stomps her way over to the net, remaining on her side of this battlefield. "WE POURED OUR HEART OUT TO THEE, AND IT WAS NOT IMPORTANT ENOUGH TO BE RETAINED WITHIN THY MEMORY?!"Poured, what? What in God's name is she talking about? "Luna, WHAT did I do?! Everything was fine last night! Hell, everything was fine this evening when we woke up! Whatever it is that I did, I'm just- I'm fucking SORRY, alright?!"The snarl of contempt indicated that's not what she wants to hear. "Thou apologizes without even knowing what FOR! Thou art a revolting, repugnant, snivelling-""WHAT?! What have I done to make you this angry with me?! TELL ME!! Did I forget your birthday?! Did I miss the anniversary of our first meeting?! WHAT?! FOR THE LOVE OF FUCKING JESUS HEAVENLY CHRIST ABOVE, PLEASE, JUST SPELL IT OUT FOR MY IDIOTIC, SHORTSIGHTED, INFANTILE SELF TO UNDERSTAND." Holy shit, that hurt your throat. Note to self, learn to get your point across without having to yell. At least it shut her ranting tirade down...She no longer looks at you with searing hatred anymore, but with... disappointment? Hurt? "You forgot... You forgot the dream you had yesterday."Whoa, okay, that one's completely out of left field. The shocked squint, jaw drop, and head shake you give speak more for your disbelief than words ever could. "I- My- What?! What in the holy hell does THAT have to do with anything? And why has that made you into such a rotten cunt?""Because We were THERE, you ignorant little fool!"Her shitty attitude should piss you off, but hearing the crack in her voice as she said that makes you feel differently. "You-... you were?"She stands up a little straighter, clutching a wound from one of your earlier strikes. Taking a deep breath, she calms a little more. "Tell Us... Does anything at all come back to you? Or do you truly not remember a single thing of the dream you had?"This is all still really crazy to you, what the hell does it matter what kind of dream you had? Dreams were just nonsense all the time, unless you knew how to lucid dream, and last time you checked, you didn't kn-... Huh... Actually, now that that topic has come up, you think you recall something about lucid dreaming... IN your dream yesterday. But that's... Oh god.It's all starting to come back to you. "I... think I was in Chuck E. Cheese's, searching for...""The code?" Whoa, that's right. "Uh... yeah. I was trying to find a code because Mel Gibson was going to kill my sister with a mini bat if I didn't.""...And there were two animated humans sitting on a couch, watching a flashing screen, yelling about...""...Ride to Hell: Retribution. And then there were the PBS guys taking donations, and- I think I was wearing a stupid-ass baseball uniform for a team that doesn't exist, something like...""The Ottawa Sockem-Boppers.""...The Ottawa Sockem-Boppers."Moony does something you were completely unprepared for. She smiles. Your mind is rushing, trying to pull as many more details as you can recall. This is insane, though, she really WAS there? But that would mean..."Now, please... could you tell Us what happened next?"Oh jeez, the wily grin that is now on her face is probably in reaction to your face turning scarlet red. Seriously, it's on fire right now. "That's... when you came in...""Actually, We believe it was the other way around..."Oh. Oh, that's just lovely. You feel like such a piece of shit, how could you forget a dream like that?! That entire scenario was EVERYTHING YOU WANTED, your mind should have kept that memory readily available for you forever, even if Nightmare Moon wasn't trying to root it out of your subconscious. It all makes sense now, and you remember everything. Luna gave herself to you, and you to her. Now you can't really feel angry about her being such a grouch to you.Clutching the net in front of your face, you hoist yourself back to your feet. Your body aches something fierce, but you don't care anymore. Reaching over the net, you take your beloved queen into a reconciling hug... but only with one arm, since you really need to use your other hand to keep some pressure right *there*..."I'm so sorry, Luna. You mean a lot to me, I really didn't intend to forget our time together..." You feel her hoof reach around your tender side to reciprocate the embrace, and you do your best to keep the wince of pain inaudible."We must apologize as well, Anonymous. For both Our... deplorable treatment of you tonight, as well as not telling you Our feelings face-to-face to begin with. It was was cowardly of Us to use your dreams as the conduit to relay Our message. We should have been brave enough to tell you in-pony and face the possibility of rejection like a normal pony."Aw, it was so adorable to see her humble herself before you, which is something you doubt you'll ever see again, ever. Breaking the one-armed hug, you opt to affectionately stroke the side of her face. "Ah, well... To be fair, you're not exactly a normal pony."Looking at her apologetic face makes you feel mushy inside, but then you see that small line of blood trailing beneath her nostril. Whoops, now you feel like shit again. "Hey, look... There was some hurting done on both sides, and we're both sorry. What do you say we go... make up? Forgive and forget?"A smile graces Her Majesty's face before you feel a magic force on the back of your head push you forward slightly. Your lips are taken by hers as finally get to feel that warm, dominating tongue of hers against yours for the first time. You finally physically feel it, not just some dreamy, brain-filling-in-what-it-probably-feels-like thing like in The Matrix. After a moment or two of drinking deep from Nightmare's mouth, she seperates her face from yours, taking the chance to remove the soft, black sporting headband wrapped around her forehead. Doing the same to the ones around her hooves, she absentmindedly tosses them in a pile next to her forgotten racket. "We would very much like that."As you walk off the court together, she drapes a wing around your body, and rests her head against you."We've got the whole weekend to ourselves." You muse, ready for less painful quality time....And you could really use the release of endorphins for the pain right about now.*~*~*~**~*~*~*The short trip back inside the palace was kind of excruciating, actually. Your new girlfriend really did a number on you, and not in the good way, but you had kinda been an asshole in return, and you both genuinely felt bad for the mutual assault. On the way in, you had made a half-joke/half-apology to Nightmare Moon for your act of elderly abuse against her, but with the glare she gave you, you withdrew the apology in the interest of preserving your life.Your usual trip down the suites hallway took an UNusual turn as you continued past your doorway. Deep down, your heart swelled a little at the chance to see LUNA'S ROOM™. You've never had the chance to see it before, a lot of ponies haven't, except for the cleaners. You actually need to keep yourself from eagerly rubbing your hands in anticipation....Oh, and you were about to put Equestria's ruler to the sword, so that's pretty worthy of excitement, too, you suppose.Nightmare Moon opens the door to her chambers and steps inside, and with a small, restrained smile of muted jubilation, she beckons you to join her. Oh, how you're more than happy to oblige.*~*~*~**~*~*~*It's... not quite what you were expecting in here. Sure, it's bigger and nicer than your room, but... Enh, it's not that much better. Maybe you just had your standards too high. Plus, the sun-patterned bedspread and sun-engraved furniture seemed really out of place. Luna seems to notice you staring at these heavily contrasting design pieces."Mm... Yes, We have yet to find the time to discover an interior designer willing to take a... government contract. Finding new soldiers was enough of a chore... We are simply thankful that some guards were actually willing to serve Us after Our takeover.""I'm just thankful that we stopped Magical Mystery Cure from happening...""Hmm? What was that?""Nothing, nothing. Well, Celestia may not have a grave for you to dance on, but will you accept sex in her bed as the next best petty substitute?"That put a wicked grin on her face. You know, that evil kind, but... 'good', this time. With a few precise adjustments of her magic, the active, breathable clothing she wore for outdoor activity was removed from her body and cast aside with little regard. "Yes... That sounds most adequate. We are positive that she will not mind."After she takes the first sultry steps towards you, you meet her half-way to finish her thought. Your lips meet once again, slower, more gently this time. Savoring the oral embrace of your lover, you run a hand down her neck, stroking affectionately. She responds by rearing up on her hind legs, throwing her arms around the back of your neck to take your head in her firm, but loving grasp. It felt pretty nice to be the object of her affection. She's a beautiful, powerful mare, she knows what she wants, and what she wants, she gets.A few more moans, and a few more smacks of your lips later, the kiss breaks. Moony retains her position, though, you feel her hoof mimicking the ministrations you did to her. Not quite the same feeling that digits like yours could accomplish, but it's the thought that counts. You have nowhere else to look but into those deep, glowing turquoise eyes of hers. Those slitted pupils of hers, that royally purple eye shadow... She's a natural predator, using sex appeal as her deadly weapon. Tonight, you would be her fortunate prey. As long as you could just keep losing yourself in those stunning eyes, you were most definitely okay with that."...a moment..." You're snapped from your semi-trance with the tail-end of whatever she had just said.The slightest bit of disappointment hits you as you feel her hooves slide away from and leave your shoulder. "Wha... Is something-?""No," she stops you, with a look of gentle reassurance. "Tonight, We would like there to be no more masks between us... We have already made that mistake once by invading your dreams. We should be so much closer than that."This only confuses you. Is she still feeling guilty about that or something? "Luna, what are you talking about?" Bringing up your hand to caress her cheek, she trembles at the touch before finding the strength to bring her hoof up and gently guide your hand away. "You shall see," she whispers softly.Before you can question further, Nightmare Moon takes a step back. Tilting her head back, she closes her eyes and takes a breath. Her long black horn begins to shine as she channels magic through it. The shining light begins at the tip, but then works its way down, and suddenly, the black alicorn's entire body is illuminated in magic. Only her basic shape is retained as you try to see what's happening to her, but the standing so close, the brightness is making it difficult for you to look directly at her. Shining like her brightest star, you now have to look completely in the other direction to avoid incinerating your corneas. After a moment, the gradual departure of any extra ambient lighting in the room tells you that it's probably safe to look now."Jesus, Luna! What was that all ab-"You look to where she was standing, but see no one... until you look just slightly more downwards. In place of your previous tall, dark, and beautiful mare now stood... Well, a shorter, still dark, and still beautiful mare, instead. Her mane, while still ethereal, looked slightly different, more defined along the edges and deeper blue. So was her coat, what was once jet black hair was now a midnight blue. The colour scheme of her cutie mark was also a subject to change, no longer a cyan moon on a purple ink splotch, but rather a white moon on a darker blue ink splotch.Just like that, Nightmare Moon had... changed? Taking a deep breath, she opens her eyes, though now they weren't slitted or glowing, and were now teal, instead. Sensing that you were probably caught off-guard by this stunning development, she sheds some light on what you were likely trying to immediately figure out in front of you. "'Tis a rather old shape-shifting spell We picked up from an even older dalliance that We shared with an ancient changeling monarch. It requires surprisingly little magic to perform and maintain."Her voice isn't that deep, sultry, even deliciously and femininely menacing voice that you knew her to have. This one sounds younger, yet also touched with age and experience. An oxymoron, sure, but it makes sense in your head. "So... wait, your body before...""A mask that We created a thousand years ago. A symbol. An icon." Her head hangs in disappointment. "The purpose of it was to remind Us of our new identity, Our new standing. Old weaknesses discarded as We assume control with Our new form, no longer just the weak, unimportant 'other' sister..." She looks back up to you with a hardened, self-assured look. "...And it worked. No one cared who We were until We put on the mask."That's where you nearly choke right there. It takes every fibre of your being pulling in the opposite direction to get you to not ask her that since she pulled that mask off, if she'll die, if getting caught was part of her plan, or what the next step of her master plan is. Moony had already threatened you multiple times for making references to stupid shit from your world that she wouldn't understand, so now was definitely not the time.There is no doubt about it, though. This silly little mare is still the self-conscious, approval-starved Nightmare Moon you loved, oh yes, that's for sure. You really didn't want to get into this 'personal therapist' thing right before sex, but you suppose it's kind of your job now. Kneeling down, you place a comforting hand on her shoulder. Who knew that deep down inside the scary black Night Mare was actually a cute, rather harmless-looking pony girl? "Listen, Luna, I still lov-"You can't even finish your sentence before you are pushed backwards onto the floor. Like, with her hooves, HARD. Holy SHIT, that hurts. Did she forget that you're as soft as bruised fruit right now?Luna looks down to you, her face is unimpressed. "Has thou forgotten thy place, KNAVE?!"Oh dear. Your initial assessment of this 'new' Luna may have been a bit off.Her face comes close to yours, that hard scowl still etched on it. "We were under the impression that your elevation in status to the Royal Boyfriend would result in fornication most pleasurable." Her hot breath kisses your neck, and you find yourself trembling, both in arousal and fear, but mostly fear. "Were We mistaken?"You take back all of your preconceived notions, this Luna is definitely still menacing. "N-no, Luna, not at all, I jus-""Our PROPER title! We are your ruler, and you shall address Us as such!"Oh jeez, you actually flinched, there. "Queen Nightmare Moon, yes, I'm sorry, I just thought that you-"You are cut off by a hard scoff by Her Majesty, "We do not want to hear thy bumbling apologies, and do not THINK, peasant. It is not thy strong suit."Oh wow, now she's insulting you? Where the hell is this coming from? This new Nightmare Moon is mean...er than usual...Suddenly, she presents a lone hoof towards you, adorned with a sparkling shoe like that of which she wore with her last body. Looking up, the snarl has morphed into something a bit more familiar, "Nay, thy talents lie... elsewhere. Make good of your position and disrobe Us." She growls, licking her lips slowly. "We hunger, Anonymous. Do not delay Our feast."Ahhhh... there she is.It would be unwise to keep your Queen/girlfriend/potential murderer waiting for too long. Time to get to work.Doing your best to ignore the pain, you sit up and bring yourself into a kneeling stance. An errant glance at her face tells you that she likes the fact that you're catching on. Gently, you place her offered hoof into your hand, and with the other, you slide her expensive decorative hoofwear from her gracious blue form. Setting it aside on the floor, you bring your face closer to the hoof. After giving the underside a massage, you bring your lips in and give it a kiss.She purrs, "Mmmm..." So she likes being treated like something precious. Go fucking figure. Looking up, you can confirm that she is indeed smiling. Genuinely, non-evilly smiling. Damn, someone stop the presses.She retracts her kissed hoof and offers you the other one. Following suit with your previous example, the other shoe comes off and finds a place on the floor next to its quadruplet. Bringing your two thumbs to the underside of her hoof, you press down, massaging the frog of it. The sharp intake of breath above you gives you the feeling that you're doing something right. Finishing up the quick rub, you lean forward and plant a kiss on this one, as well.Instead of retracting it right away, you're surprised to feel her affectionately run her hoof along your face. Looking up, you see that smile of contentment on her younger looking face. "Most obedient..." She croons. Her hoof makes its way below your chin, holding there, and then, a small kiss meets your lips. Nothing too lustful... not yet, anyway.After pulling back, she appears to expedite the rest of the process by simply kicking off her rear two shoes. Well, you suppose that's another way of doing it. With no small amount of grace, Nightmare Moon treads over to her bed in a very lady-like manner, swaying her feminine pony hips the entire way over. Oh yes, that's definitely getting your attention. Climbing onto her bed, she flops onto her back, immediately giving you a shot of her goods. Damn, she wants to get straight to business.She beckons you forth with a gesture with her hoof, and as obedient as you are, you heed her call, frantically shedding your clothing as fast as you can before you reach the bed. You almost tripped and fell flat on your face, but you did it. Honestly, that's the fastest you've ever undressed, and how appropriate, given the situation. Being about to sexually pleasure a powerful, impatient demigoddess Queen of the Moon and all of Equestria warranted such effort.As you regain your composure, you take a moment to really take in the sight before you of Nightmare splayed out on the bed. She looked kind of comical in an adorable sort of way. On her back, her limbs had nowhere to go but up. Just a reminder that these may be magical talking horses you're dealing with, they're still definitely horses. Cute posture aside, her area down below indicates how she really feels as she winks for you. She must be thinking some dirty thoughts as she eyes you up like a piece of very fuckable meat. Her 'true' body awaits your touch as it silently begs release from a one thousand, four hundred and ninety three year curse of celibacy. Time to lift that curse.You bend forward and bring your face closer to ground zero. Sweet Jesus, she's definitely turned on, you can feel the heat radiating from her all the way from here. Getting a closer look starts to send some of your own blood down south. Her dark blue lips twitch ever so slightly, dripping with natural mare lube, crying out to be touched. You're suddenly overcome with curiosity as to how this Nightmare Moon tastes compares to the 'old' Nightmare Moon. Placing your tongue at the base, you slowly bring it upward, savoring the taste of the moon pony. Her groans of relief reassure you that you're doing the right thing. Reaching the apex of her marehood, you focus your point of attack on her weak point. Locating her sacred clitoris wasn't difficult, you've read plenty of smutty fanfiction to get the gist of it. With a swirling motion of your flexible oral muscle, you lavish her love button with all the attention it deserves. The spasms of her hips, and restrained bucking motions upward are a strong indication to 'PLEASE KEEP DOING THAT THING'.You've more or less tuned out the loud moans and shouts to focus entirely on your work. "OHHH YES! YES!!" Damn, she gets real loud when her motor's running... Maybe it's just a side effect from not getting laid in over a millennium? Still, if she doesn't keep it down, she's gonna-"Your Highness! Is everythin-""BEGONE!!!"You don't even have the time to bring your head up from out of her crotch to visually register what just happened, but from the sound of the doors being kicked open, and the voice of the guards being quickly drowned out with a loud explosion of magic paints a pretty clear picture. Shit, you hope you didn't just indirectly kill a poor guard via angry, horny queen cunnilingus.Your tongue's strokes become heavier as you move in for the kill. Though she reaches her peak shortly after, her thighs clasp around your head, squeezing you firmly into her groin. Oh fuck, it feels like she's actually going to Xenia Onatopp you to death. Her powerful mare muscles take in your tongue as if it were a cock, trying to milk it for its nonexistent payload. You struggle between oxygen and marecum as you desperately take in both through your mouth and nose, with her loud screams of ecstasy drowning out your drowning.To your relief, her toned, powerful thighs release your captive head from their grasp, and both of you pant heavily, though for very different reasons. While you're thankful to still be alive and unsmothered, Luna has a hoof to her chest and the dopiest grin plastered on her face. Poor girl must have really needed that."That... That was... wonderful, Anonymous... Now, please..." She spreads her thighs for you once more. "Please... plant your seed within Us..."If you were a more analytic man, you would decode that request for some insight into Luna's psyche, or at the very least, become enlightened as to what is possibly her fetish. But you're not an analytic man, nor an expert, or even novice in the field of psychology. You're just a very horny male with a very hard penis. Luna's dopey grin is contagious, and you ready yourself to take the plunge. With her rear legs in your hands, you line up your diamond-like member with her warm, soaking entrance. The sensation sends you to an alternate dimension completely dominated by bliss and euphoria as her vaginal muscles clamp down on you. She may be an older lady of several thousands of years old... but Gods above, it feel like she's never been used before. Now it was your turn to make those funny, pleasurable noises. No guards would be barging in to come to your rescue, though, you think.Further and further you sink yourself into her, until you can go no more. Feeling her contract and squeeze you is even better than your wildest dreams, and you've already been there, so you can say that with confidence. Still buried deep inside her, you move her legs apart so you can position your body over top of hers. Face to face, you can see how flushed she is, eyes half-lidded and slack jawed, she's just too adorable in this form, and you can't help but stroke the side of her face."A-Anonymous... We have waited so long for this...""I know." Smooth one, Han. Coming off quick from the rebound, you place a swift kiss on her cheek. "You've worked so hard for this... Enjoy it..." Another kiss, the other cheek. "...My Queen."That, as well as a well-timed thrust from you elicits a well-earned moan from the Mare of the Stars. Her arms and legs wrap around your shoulders and hips as you keep up your rhythm, wrapping her in your own embrace. Her raspy, ragged breaths are certainly bolstering your self-confidence. Holding her tightly, you bury your face in the deliciously warm neck of hers. Honestly, you wanted to get some of her mane in your face, too, but it just didn't seem to be physically going for it. It pretty much just phased through when you went for it, like some kind of ghost-mane. Whatever, the crook of her neck will do just fine.You feel her warm, furry muzzle doing the same to you. Continuously pounding your mare, you wanted to say something nice like "I love you" or something situation-appropriate like that, but now it seems you've caught the incomprehensible gibberish bug, too. Fucking Luna must have given you that babbling bullshit. Fucking. Luna. Adjectives and verbs, Dohohoho.You feel Nightmare's passage twitch, and clamp down on you once again, as well as the slightest bit of warm drool on your shoulder, but it feels so good, though. "M-Moony? I'm so close..." At least you managed to get THAT out.You hear no response, other than her near-constant moans and breaths. She's so out of it, fucked into an orgasmic hysteria. Nightmare mumbles something, but as expected, it's just gibberish. Focusing as much as you could, you think you could decipher the words "inside" and "make me a mother again..." Though you're pretty sure she knows that your alien human spunk is incompatible with her magic moon goddess horse ovaries......You'd be more than happy to indulge her fantasy, anyways.Calling upon what little strength you have left, you hoist your pony girlfriend upwards, having her wrapped completely in your arms, and you in hers. With new positioning, she spreads her legs out further, allowing you deepest entry as possible. Knowing your end is within reach, you squeeze her hard, and bury yourself as far as you can.Like a great pressure being relieved from you, you feel several hot spurts of your seed being sprayed deep into the horse goddess, covering her cervix. Both you and her keep your grip on one another, riding the sweet release. After what feels like an eternity, you feel as though your balls have just emptied a gallon of sperm....Not even in your wildest dreams.It's tough finding the energy, and you'd much rather just remain inside of Luna, but you work up the strength and will to slowly pull yourself out of her. There's a slight *pop*, and a small trail of white leaking from her well-loved marehood. With a thumb, you trace it back upwards, ensuring all of it stays within Nightmare Moon's love canal. She coos slightly as she feels you do this, probably feeling like a well-bred mare.The next few moments are a bit blurry as the afterglow puts you in state of complete and utter stupification, but you somehow find yourself beneath the Solar-themed bedsheets while Luna lays next to you in cuddling position. After a great sigh of contentment, she gives you a kiss. "Thank you, Anonymous. You are a very good royal boyfriend. It has been so long since We have felt like this. We feel like... like..."Her eyes drift as she tries to find the words. You'll help. "A super lady?"Momentarily, you see her brow scrunch just a bit, as if to tell you 'no, that's stupid, Anonymous.' But then, it relaxes, and she smiles. "Yes... We feel like a very 'super' lady, indeed."You smile back at her. If it was good enough for her, then it was good enough for you. Wrapping your arms around her, you place her head on your chest, ready to drift off for an early-morning nap.The ponies of Equestria just don't know what kind of mare they have, here.Their loss.*~*~*~* The End *~*~*~*Dread. That’s all you feel as you pace back and forth in Princess Twilight’s room. When she had called you to the Castle of Friendship, you had been expecting something trivial, like helping a couple of friends work out a problem, and travelling with Rarity to collect some precious gems. What you hadn’t expected was being told that you had been personally summoned to the Dragon Lands by the new Dragon Lord.“But what could the Dragon Lord possibly want with me?” You ask Twilight, hoping the studious alicorn has the answer. Unfortunately, she offers you little more than a shrug as she goes to fetch the letter for you. You let out a sigh, and take a seat on the foot of her bed. Dozens of thoughts run through your mind as Twilight disappears though the doorway. What if the Dragon Lord decided he didn’t like you? Judging from the tales you’d heard about dragons, you could only assume that their leader was enormous, and most likely had a very short temper.“Here you go,” Twilight smiles and holds out the letter for you, pulling you away from your thoughts. You let out a nervous chuckle as you break the seal wrapped around the scroll, and unfurl it. The top of the letter surprises you. The Dragon Lord knew your name? And had addressed you as ‘Dearest’? Well, that was a good sign. It has come to my attention that you find yourself in a troubling state. I have exchanged many messages with Princess Twilight Sparkle regarding your situation, and have decided that it would be in the best interest of both yourself and I to solve this problem together.“What problem is he talking about?” You ask, switching your attention from the letter back to Twilight. She gives you a sheepish smile, and lets out a tiny cough.“Well, um, she asked me to remain mum on the subject. Ember thinks that—”“Wait,” you interrupt her, holding up a hand to silence her. “‘She’?”“Nopony told you?” Twilight asks, looking absolutely puzzled. You shake your head. “Well in any case, yes, the new Dragon Lord is a female dragon.”“And she basically told you not to tell me what my own problem is?” You prod, but Twilight doesn’t budge. Whatever, you decide you may as well continue reading the letter.You may find yourself wondering what problem I could be referring to, but do not fret. You will find out in due time. For now, I would like to see you in person. I’ve arranged for one of our larger dragons to fly you to the Dragon Lands, as the journey there is too perilous for a simple human to take on alone. I hope for your arrival to be swift.Dearest regards, EmberNormally, you would feel insulted, but you doubted that this ‘Ember’ was exaggerating. You’d heard a bit about the Dragon Lands in the past, and the idea of simply walking through an area so heavily populated by active volcanos and pools of lava was, to say the least, daunting. “When will the dragon she sent be here?”Twilight is about to answer when an enormous thud resounds all throughout the castle, and the foundation itself seems to shake. “Um, I think he’s here…” she chuckles, motioning for you to follow her. You take a second to regain your composure, then hop off of her bed and do just that. It doesn’t take long for the two of you to reach the front door, and you open it slowly. To your shock, the only thing you can see is a giant eye looking back at you. You reel back, and fall down on your rear as you stare at it. Twilight seems oddly calm, and simply shoo’s the eye away. To your surprise, it does back off, and you can finally see the dragon that it belonged to.“Whoa, he’s—”“Huge, yes,” the dragon finishes for you. Huge is an understatement. He stands nearly thirty feet tall, and his wingspan had to be at least twice that. His scales are a gorgeous scarlet color, and you slowly walk outside into the harsh sunlight as he continues speaking. “I get that a lot. Dragon Lord Ember has sent me on many diplomatic missions.”“But Ember’s only been the Dragon Lord for about a month,” Twilight states, more as a question than anything else.“She believes that fixing relations with our neighboring kingdoms would be wise,” the dragon bellows. The more he talks, the more you get the idea that this might be one of the smartest dragons on the planet. You’d seen a few dragons yourself, but none of them could even speak. “My name is Cinder, what is yours?” He asks, craning his neck in your direction.You tell him your name, and he titters.“A strange name for a strange creature. M’lord described you as ‘exotic’, but I had my doubts.”“Well I am the only human on the planet,” you laugh, and Cinder joins in. “I had my own doubts about dragons, but you seem very nice, Cinder.” You extend your hand towards the lumbering beast, and he smirks as he offers you his pinky claw. You grab it, and give it a firm shake.“Are you ready to make the journey to the Dragon Lands, human?”For some reason, meeting this one dragon erased all of the bad thoughts from your mind. You turn to Twilight and offer her a quick hug around the neck, one that she returns in kind. “I’ll be back soon, Twilight.”“You better, or Spike’s gonna be mad that I lost his ‘only bro’,” she giggles. Turning back to Cinder, you nod your head. The same hand that you had shaken grabs you by your shirt, and gently plops you down on his back, between two rather large spikes.Cinder stretches his neck backward and looks at you. “I would advise that you grab onto the spike you see in front of you,” he warns you. You heed it, and do as he says. With a few mighty flaps of his wings, the two of you slowly lift into the air. You watch with wonder as he reorients himself to face away from the castle, and plants his hind feet on the ground. He launches himself into the air, leaving behind an enormous cloud of dust, and it doesn’t take more than a few seconds for the castle to become a distant speck.The feeling of flying through the air is intense, and you struggle to keep your eyes open as the wind rushes by you. You decide to look to your right, and find that it’s a bit easier on the eyes. Once your vision clears up, you gaze in awe at the sight of Canterlot, nearly a mile below you. The city looks so small from up here, and that’s when it hits you. If anything were to happen on your journey, this could be the last you see of it.With a gulp, you turn back and close your eyes, deciding to wait out the rest of the trip.Your eyes jerk back open as you hear a thud below you, and you realize that Cinder has landed. He’s looking back at you with those huge yellow eyes, and shoots you a crooked grin. “I’m surprised you managed to stay on my back the entire time.”“H-how long were we flying?” You ask,your shivering finally beginning to die down as a result of the sudden shift in temperature. Whereas the wind had been blowing up against you for what felt like the past hour, the air around you was very humid now.“We were in the air for no more than ten minutes,” Cinder laughs. Damn, it had felt a lot longer than that to you. Regardless, you were here for a reason and by god, you were going to find out what it was.“So where are we, exactly?” You look around, and can see many dragons flying through the air. None of them were as big as Cinder though, and that somehow made you feel a lot safer. “We are just on the outskirts of Lord Ember’s manor,” he replies, beginning to walk up a winding path towards what was easily the tallest mountain in the area. You fall in line behind him, and you spy an entrance at the end of the path. Unfortunately, it looks to be quite a ways away.“So is anybody going to tell me why I was called here?” You hope that Cinder won’t stay mum, but your hopes are dashed as he shrugs his shoulders.“I can not say. Lord Ember refused to divulge any information aside from the fact that she needed me to escort you here.”“Heh, you did more than just escort me,” you chuckle, just now noticing how messy travelling through the skies had made your hair. You do your best to unruffle it, but it’s still rather spiky by the time you arrive at the entrance.Cinder stops, and turns to you. “Ember has requested that I stop my own journey here. You must go in by yourself.”You give him your thanks, and he quickly takes off into the sky, leaving you completely alone in a foreign land. With a small gulp, you march inside the cave. To your amazement, the inside is absolutely enormous, and the walls are lined with all sorts of gems. Sapphires, rubies, emeralds, even some diamonds! No doubt, Ember was a dragon that liked herself some gems.And that’s when your eyes fell upon her, seated at the opposite side of the cave in a stone throne of sorts. She didn’t seem to notice you yet, so you decide to call out to her. “Um. Hello?”Her head swivels around, and she makes eye contact with you. Her eyes are a deep red, much different than the green and yellow eyes you’d grown accustomed to seeing on dragons. “Ah, yes, I’ve been expecting you,” she speaks regally. “Come here.”You begin walking towards her, and decide to get a better look at her as you do. Her scales are a light blue color, her underbelly being just a bit lighter. She had a few spikes growing out of her head, but nothing as crazy as what you’d seen on Cinder. Her tail hangs over the side of her throne, and the spine on the end of it almost looks like a leaf. But the most stunning feature about her is her size. By the time you’re right in front of her, you can tell that she’s just barely taller than you are. You decide to throw caution to the wind and voice your thoughts. “I thought you’d be taller.”She frowns, but you can tell it isn’t a serious one. Lucky you. “I’ll have you know that the size of oneself isn’t as important as their heart and intellect.”You wholeheartedly agree, but you weren’t here to talk about morals. “So, um, if you don’t mind me asking… Why did you summon me here?”Ember’s tail flops around a bit, smacking against the ground as she regards you. “Twilight Sparkle has told me of an issue you have, and I couldn’t help but feel that you and I have much in common.”“What.” You stare at her blankly, blinking a few times. “You’re the lord of all the dragons, and I’m just a human.”“You’re the only human,” she corrects you, leaning forward a bit in her seat. “That makes you more special than you know.”“I still don’t get what this is all about,” you tilt your head, confused. Ember lets out a sigh, and slaps a hand to her face.“As you know, dragons are very notorious for their want— No. Need of exotic items.” Ember gets up from her throne and flaps over to you, landing right in front of you. Her eyes are only a bit higher up than your own, and you meet them as she continues speaking. “And what’s more exotic than the only human in the world?”Like a tidal wave, the meaning behind her words comes crashing down on you, and you move back a bit. Laughing nervously, you look away from her. “Look, I’m sure you’re very pretty for a dragon, but I—”“I know about your problem,” she interjects. Your gaze shoots back in her direction, and you narrow your eyes at her. “You’ve been in this world for how long? Three, four years?”“Four,” you mutter, your gaze falling away from her again. She advances towards you a bit, but you don’t back away this time. You can feel her tail running up and down your leg, and you force yourself to look back at her.“Four years without release,” she speaks softly. “Do you not long to release your pent up frustration?”Shit, she definitely had you there. Your attitude had gone through many changes since you’d first found yourself in Equestria, none of them for the better. Still, that left one thing unexplained. “Why did Twilight tell you?”Ember giggles, the first time you’ve heard her do so, and her tail slowly moves up your leg and towards the front of your jeans. You wanted to stop it, but you had been waiting too long for something like this. “Just a bit of friendly gossip. Besides, I’ve been told that I need to find a partner.”“Well this is a bit more than friendly,” you shudder as she rubs her tail spike against the front of your jeans.“Would you like to take a seat on my throne?” She asks, smiling down at you. You can’t help but do that, and move around her. You hop up onto the throne, and turn yourself around. To your surprise, she takes a seat next to you and continues with her tail’s ministrations. You close your eyes and let out a small moan. She smirks. “That pent up, huh?”“You have no idea…” You shudder. You can feel a bit of tugging down there, and open your eyes back up to see her tail pulling at the legs of your jeans. She must have been stronger than you thought, because she’s able to pull them off entirely with minimal effort, leaving you in your boxers. She leans towards you, and you have an idea of what she wants you to do.You lock lips with her, and her long tongue probes around your own. Kissing a dragon is a strange sensation, but not an unpleasant one. As you deepen the kiss, you can feel her tail wrap around your member. You moan into her mouth as she pulls it free of your boxers, and begins tugging at it.‘Okay,’ you think to yourself. ‘This is amazing.’The feeling of her tail wrapped around your dick is unlike anything you’ve ever felt. It’s softer than human skin, and the texture of it makes it bump along your member. You pull back from your kiss, gasping for breath, and can’t help but peek down at your crotch. The sight alone almost makes you climax, but you manage to steel yourself. Ember obviously sensed that, and giggles again. “You know, I think you’re going to make a great mate.”You have no words for that, and simply lean back as she changes up her motions, opting to slither her tail back and forth on you. She sends you a smirk, and lowers her head down towards your crotch. She gives the head a tentative lick with her tongue, and your member twitches in response. The next thing you know, the head is inside her mouth, and your toes curl reflexively.Her tongue runs circles around the tip, and she begins bobbing her head up and down. Every so often, her snout bumps up against her own tail, which is still giving you its own form of pleasure. She looks up at you as she sucks you off, and you can’t help but rest your hand on her head and caress her. What you had said earlier finally rang true in your head. She wasn’t just pretty for a dragon, she was pretty to you too. No, she was hot.Deciding to be a bit more adventurous, your take your other hand and move it around her backside. It doesn’t take long to find her nethers, and they’re practically pouring out heat onto your palm. She gives you a little nod, then resumes her bobbing. You run your hand along her slit, and are surprised to see that it’s already quite wet. Had she been preparing for this?Whatever the reason, you decide to take it a step further, and slip your middle finger inside her. Ember moans around your dick, sending a shot of pleasure through you. You slowly move your finger back and forth, fingering her, but she gives you a look as if to say “That’s not enough for me.”You get the idea, and decided to shove in your index finger as well. You probe around her insides with your fingers while she continues her work on your own nether region, and marvel at just how tight her canal is. It feels a bit different than that of a human female’s, and definitely feels a lot hotter. You don’t have time to find any other differences though, as you feel her tail retract from your member.Ember winks at you, and immediately begins taking more of you into her mouth. Before long, she’s deepthroating you, and your hips begin to thrust towards her mouth of their own volition. You’re just about to finish when she pulls back from you. A thin line of saliva trails from her mouth to the tip of your cock, and she licks her lips. At the same time, you pull your fingers from her and give then a small lick.To your surprise, she tastes amazing, and you hungrily lap at your fingers. “Female dragons give off an aphrodisiac as they enter their heat cycle,” Ember informs you. Well that at least explains why she was already so wet back there. She shoots you a smirk, and clambers onto your lap. Her tail hangs by your side as she straddles you, and you lean forward to lock lips with her again. She returns your kiss with gusto, and after a few moments, you pull apart from each other.Ember wraps her arms around your torso and lifts herself up a bit, aligning herself with your dick. You reach down and grab it, rubbing the head against her folds a bit. She closes her eyes and turns to the side as you pull your hand back, then drops herself down. Pleasure shoots through both of you, and you have a tough time not blowing your load right away. She’s hotter, and tighter, than anything you’ve ever felt. “Oh my god…”Ember seems to be lost in her own world of pleasure, and slowly lifts herself back up. Just like before, she plops herself back down in your lap, and your eyes roll back in your head. Obviously deciding that taking it slow wasn’t her style, she begins to pick up a rhythm, rising up and down on your member. Her pussy grasps you as tightly as it can without hurting you, and you fall back into the large throne as she begins riding you with fervor.At this point, the only sound in the room is her hips colliding with your own. Ember looks gorgeous, leaning herself back slightly as she begins sending you towards that edge you’d been trying to careen over for far too long. You don’t know why, but you wrap your arms around her back and pull her down onto your chest. She’s unable to move as you hold her tightly, and you take over where she’d left off, thrusting up into her as you stare into her eyes.She’s blushing, which you find odd since she was fucking someone she’d met not even ten minutes ago. You lean your head up as your hips pound into hers, and pull her into a kiss. You’re dangerously close to the edge, your balls slapping against the underside of her tail as your thrusts begin to lose their rhythm. Finishing inside her shouldn’t be an issue, and your hips slam against hers for a few more minutes before you finally slam home one last time. White-hot pleasure instantly consumes your entire being, and you deepen the kiss as the first of your load shoots into her. It’s followed by five or six more spurts, and you finally pull your head back from hers, gasping for air.“That… was… amazing…” You manage to pant out.“Not bad…” She moans. Your member slowly shrinks, but you leave it inside of her as she collapses down onto you. “For a human.”“We should do this again sometime,” you manage to say after a few moments. To your surprise, and joy, she smiles and kisses the tip of your nose.“Oh, I’m sure that can be arranged…”When you first found yourself stranded in Equestria, you wouldn’t have dared step foot anywhere near the Dragon Lands. Not after you’d heard the tales from Princess Twilight and her friend Rarity. They had gone there years ago to help their friend Spike and were lucky to return unscathed after an encounter with a dragon named Garble and his friends.Now, almost six years after they had traveled there, you found yourself returning to the Dragon Lands for the second time in about four months. Your first trip there had come only because Spike had begged you. You considered the little dragon to be your only ‘bro’ in this world. As a guy, he understood you, and you understood him. It was that understanding that had led to you accompanying him on his trip, and you were glad you did. He had run into some trouble with Garble yet again, but he actually had a dragon on his side that time around: Ember.She was… different, as far as you had been able to tell. Not only was she considerably nicer than the other dragons, though she still had an attitude about her, she was also much smaller, just barely a head taller than yourself. Of course, she was still a fire-breathing reptile that could fly, so you hadn’t exactly felt safe when she first discovered you, Rarity, and Twilight. What she ended up saying about you stuck with you, though. She had called you “quite the exotic creature”.Whether that was a compliment or not, you had no clue. What you did know was that she had become quite the leader. Which brings you to your current situation. “Spike, are you sure she’ll be fine with me coming along?”“Well, to be honest, I’m not really sure,” your friend shrugs. That worries you a bit, and he notices. “Don’t sweat it though, we’ll just tell her I didn’t want to travel there alone.”That makes enough sense that you don’t push the subject any further. Though, an odd question does come to the forefront of your mind as you near the edge of the Dragon Lands. “So why does she call herself the Dragon Lord, and not the Dragon Lady?”Spike chuckles at that, and shrugs his shoulders again. “No clue, bro. Maybe they think ‘Lord’ sounds scarier?”The idea of anyone finding someone like Ember scary amuses you. Sure, she can breathe fire and claw the hell out of you, but your impression of her had left you thinking that she wanted to learn what it was like to be friends with others, rather than harm them. You’re lifted away from your thoughts as you notice the heat, and you turn to Spike. “Maybe. I forgot how hot it was here, though.”“Well it is a volcanic area,” he says matter-of-factly, and you stick your tongue out at him. You had been to Yellowstone a couple times before you got stuck here, but you had never endured heat like this while you were there. But hey, it was still better than the freezing cold Crystal Empire.“So why did Ember call you here, Spike?”“I dunno, I just woke up this morning and I was glowing.”“And itchy,” you add, laughing a bit as he scratches his back when he hears your comment. “Maybe she just wants to chat or something?”“Well I wish she would have just written me a letter then,” Spike replies, scratching at his arms as you walk past a group of larger dragons. You aren’t familiar with any of them, but the largest one steps directly in your path, making you and Spike stop in your tracks. He’s a huge, pure black dragon. Normally, you’d find something like that incredibly intimidating, but he was shooting the two of you a crooked grin for some reason.“So you’re Spike, huh?” He asks, looking towards your tiny companion. Spike laughs nervously, and nods his head as he reels back a bit, bracing himself for trouble. That trouble never came, luckily, and the dragon simply claps his hand onto Spike shoulder. “Hah, he looks pretty scared, guys,” he calls back to his friends, who snicker. “No sweat, bro, we’ve been dying to meet the dragon that finished the Gauntlet of Fire.”“Oh, heh, well that’s me!” Spike grins, pointing a thumb at himself.“Great, now he’s never gonna shut up about it…” you mutter jokingly. The other dragons laugh at that, and the one in front of you turns to face you.“So what are you supposed to be, some kinda hairless gorilla?”“I’m a human,” you beam. “The only one on the planet!”“Man, and you thought I’d get an ego,” Spike mutters.“Ya don’t say?” The dragon leans towards you, inspecting you closely. “What are those things on your body?”“Um. Clothes?”“Yeah, what do they do?” He asks, tugging a bit on the right sleeve of your shirt. You brush his claws away, not wanting him to rip it. “They’re not strong like armor.”“They keep me warm,” you reply. “Plus, humans can’t exactly hide their pieces,” you add, pointing towards your crotch for emphasis, “and it wouldn’t exactly be decent to walk around showing off my genitals.”He stares at you for a moment, then busts out laughing. “Hah, you’re alright, man! I’ll get out of your way now, I can tell that Spike is really anxious to see the Dragon Lord,” he chuckles. Your attention is drawn back to your friend, and he’s practically rolling around on the ground in an attempt to get rid of an itch. “The name’s Pyre, by the way.”You tell Pyre your name, and shake hands with him. After that, he goes back over to his friends, and you direct your attention back to Spike, walking over and standing above him. “Need some help there?”“Yeah, that’d be great,” he replies, scratching himself all over. Luckily, the walk to Ember’s throne room isn’t too far, so you toss him over your shoulder and begin the trek there. You don’t run into many more dragons, and the ones that you do run into are just as friendly as Pyre was, thank god. Of course, the fact that you were holding a writhing, pulsating dragon that had been summoned to these lands basically meant you were escorting a VIP.Thankfully, your journey came to an end after about five more minutes. Your forehead was practically caked in sweat, and your shirt was beginning to grow damp as well. You walk through the dark entrance to Ember’s lair, and are shocked to see that the inside is incredibly bright, no doubt a result of all the gems that adorn the walls and ceiling. Sapphires, rubies, emeralds, topaz, even a few diamonds! In fact, the only place that seems to be lacking any gems is the far ends of the room, which is shrouded in darkness.“Heh, I guess she really likes gems,” you joke to yourself. Unbeknownst to you, you’re not alone, and a reply echoes throughout the cave.“Gems are exotic minerals.” You look all around for the source of the voice, but can’t see anything. The sound of a roaring fire pulls your gaze to the previously unlit area of the room, and you see that Ember is sitting in her throne, having just lit a torch. She looks exactly like you remembered her. Her scales were a gorgeous blue, and she had a few blue spikes poking out from her head. The most striking feature was her horns, though, which curled back and then forward, much like a ram’s. “Though I suspect your kind doesn’t look at them that way.”“Actually, humans found gems just as precious as dragons do,” you inform her. She lets out a huff of air, perhaps out of disbelief, and rolls her eyes. Deciding that you don’t want to just stand around like a chump, you slowly begin to make your way towards her. Her tail slithers up the side of her throne, then smacks back to the floor as she regards you.“I suspect that Spike is incapacitated?” You nod your head as you come to a stop no more than a meter in front of her, and she gives you a small smirk. “It’s a good thing he had a friend to escort him here, then.”Ember moves to grab her scepter, and waves it in front of Spike. The glowing that’s encompassed his body for the past few hours finally begins to fade away, and he lets out a massive sigh of relief as you lower him to the ground. Once he’s back on his feet, he smiles. “Thanks for carrying me,” he says, then turns towards Ember. “So why did you call me here, Ember?”Ember raises her head up, and looks down to him. “I have a request for you, Spike. One that you may find a bit… strange.”“What is it?”“I ask that you teach me more about friendship.” You have to stifle a laugh at her serious expression, which she catches onto. “And just what are you chuckling about?”“Oh, just your face,” you reply… and immediately realize your mistake. She sends you a glare, and you reel back a bit. “Oh god, that’s not what I meant! I, uh—”“Just do yourself a favor and keep your jaw closed unless I speak to you,” she practically growls, cutting you off. You nod your head insanely fast to appease her. She gives you a smile that you can see right through, and turns back to Spike. “The dragons here have no concept of friendship. At least, not in the same way your pony friends do.”You zone out a bit as the two begin to chat, and decide to look around the room. Aside from the gems, there wasn’t anything too special about it. It was just an unsculpted cave with a stone chair that looked far too massive for Ember. Of course, you wouldn’t say that to her face, because she’d probably claw yours right off.Your attention is grabbed again as you hear her say your name. “Huh?”“I said,” she frowns, “would you like to join Spike and I for lunch?”“Oh!” You look over to Spike, and he gives you a little thumbs up. You shoot him a grin, then turn back to Ember. “Sure.”“Very good. Follow me,” she instructs the two of you. She flaps her wings, giving her enough lift to hover over to the wall directly to the right of her throne. To your surprise, she presses a hand down on it, and a tiny pressure plate is revealed. To the left of it, the wall rises up, and a new passageway becomes visible.“Hey, that’s pretty cool,” Spike gushes. Ember doesn’t reply, giving the two of you a wayward glance as she takes off into the tunnel. “Well, looks like we’re walking, bro.”“It would seem that way…” You sigh. “And here I was thinking we were done walking.”At least you have your buddy to chat with, which passes the short time it takes to make it to the room Ember had relocated to. She’s already sitting at the end of a rather large table, and the two of you split up to opposite sides of the table. By the time you’re both sat at her sides, she’s already set up plates of…“Uh, Ember?”“What is it?” She asks, raising an eyebrow.You point to the gems she’s put on your plate. “Do you have anything that won’t shred up my insides?”She sighs, and heads off to what you can only assume is a kitchen. She returns shortly after, holding what looks like a huge t-bone steak in her hands. Where she got that, you have no idea, but you certainly aren’t gonna complain. She drops it onto your plate with a thud, and immediately ignites it with her breath. After about five seconds, she stops and sits back down in her seat, the steak fully cooked. “I assume you’re not opposed to eating beef?”“Are you kidding me?!” You shout, stuffing your face with the glorious food. “Twilight and her friends never let me eat meat!”Your actions get a giggle out of her, much to your shock. “Well I can’t say I’m surprised. Ponies are notorious for being one of the few species on the planet that don’t eat any kind of meat.”“Well if they’re anything like the horses where I come from,” you speak with your mouth full, not caring at all how rude it is, “then they just can’t digest it as easily as they can vegetation.”“Hm… interesting. So tell me, Spike.” She turns back to the little drake, whose mouth is just as stuffed with gems as yours is with steak. He somehow manages to gulp it all down, something you decide you’ll have to have him teach you. “How is Princess Twilight?”“She’s doing great,” he beams. “Actually, she and the girls are off at the Crystal Empire right now.”“Crystal Empire?” Ember asks. You swear you can see a bit of drool running down her mouth as she repeats the name.“Yeah, it’s where Princess Cadance and Shining Armor rule over the Crystal Ponies. I don’t mean to brag, but I’m considered a national hero there,” he boasts, trying to act nonchalant and failing completely.“Oh, don’t be so modest, Spike,” you speak up. “You definitely meant to brag.”Spike blushes at that, but continues. “That’s why I brought him.”“And he intrigues me,” Ember replies, turning back to you as she gulps down a few gems. “Tell me, do you remember what I said to you when we first met?”“Um, I think so. You said that I was an ‘exotic creature’, right?”“Yes, and my opinion has not changed. You’re more dragon than you are pony, so why do you choose to live with them?”“Twilight was the first one to find me,” you recall. “I actually had no idea how I ended up here, but she was willing to help me find out.”“And have you?”You shake your head. “Not yet, but by this point it’s not really important.”“What do you mean? Do you not have any family or friends that you miss?” She asks. The question calls forward memories of your past life. It had been a happy one, but at the same time, you weren’t as upset as some people might have been.“My family and friends were great, but I dunno,” you shrug. “I took it pretty hard at first, but I doubt they would want me to waste the rest of my life trying to find a way back home, even if they do wanna see me again. I’m sure they’d rather I just made the most of what I’ve been handed. After all, I have been here for three years”“That’s certainly an optimistic way of looking at it.”“Well, it also helps that I’ve got Spike by my side. He’s the best friend a guy could ask for.” You smile at him, and he returns it. Ember doesn’t seem entirely satisfied, though. “So what happened after you were found?”“Well, she wanted to study me,” you laugh at the memory. You’d never recoiled faster than you had when she’d tried to remove your clothes. Having to explain to her that humans wear clothes to remain decent was quite an embarrassing ordeal, especially when she kept asking questions. “After that, she helped me get a job at Rarity’s boutique.”“Rarity…” Ember repeats, putting a claw to her chin. “Is she the white pony that journeyed here during the Gauntlet of Fire?”“That’s her,” you nod. “I made enough money there to rent a house in Ponyville, so that’s where I live now.”“I see. I may have to visit this ‘Ponyville’ one day, and visit with her and her friends,” she smiles. “But for now, I believe the two of you shall suffice.”“So how come you wanna learn about friendship?”“It was Spike’s friendship that helped me get to where I am today,” she responds, motioning to the scepter leaning against her chair. “And I believe that it could serve to help me grow as a leader.”“Well you’re already a pretty great leader,” Spike comments. “I mean, not as great as my whole ‘Garble has to hug everyone’ rule. That one was classic!” He snorts with laughter. You’ve gotta agree with that. “What ever happened with that jerk anyways?”“Shortly after you and your friends left, he attempted a coup with his friends,” she rolls her eyes. “It was rather unsuccessful, and father came up with a pretty severe punishment for me to hand down.”“Heh, how severe are we talking?” Spike asks.“He had to wear a tutu for three weeks,” she laughs, and the two of you immediately break into your own laughter. “Okay, that is priceless. I had no idea your dad had such a great sense of humor,” you laugh, wiping away a few tears. After a few moments, the laughter begins to die down, and you look back over to Spike, who has finished off the last of his gems. You only have a few bites of steak left yourself, and it seems as if the two are waiting on you to finish. “Anyways, what do you wanna know about friendship?”“Everything,” she replies, making you spit out your food in shock. “Is… something wrong?”“N-no, nothing,” you reply, wiping your mouth off. “Um, does that mean we have to stay here for a while?”“I have made arrangements for you to remain here for the next two weeks,” she answers, making you gulp. You weren’t sure if you could handle two whole weeks in the Dragon Lands. “You may leave if you wish, as I was only expecting Spike to come, anyways.”You look over to Spike, who’s giving you that look. The kind that practically screams ‘you better not abandon me bro’. When he gives you that look, you’d feel like an asshole if you turned him down. You let out a sigh, and offer him a tiny smile. “It’s alright, I can’t leave my bro hanging.”“Awesome!” He exclaims, pumping his fist in the air. Ember chuckles at your camaraderie and flaps her wings, hovering back into the air. Taking hold of her scepter, she motions for you to follow her once more, and you and Spike shuffle out of your seats. You trail behind the dragoness for a few minutes before coming to a small room with nothing more than a stone bed in it. “This is where you will be staying.”“This is the arrangement you had made?” You ask, scratching your head. Deciding that you wouldn’t be the one to sleep on the floor, you turn and look down at Spike. Extending your hands towards him, you smirk. “Alright bro. Rock, paper, scissors for who has to sleep on the floor.”“You’re on!” He grins. The two of your go through the motions, and each throw out a hand after chanting the name of the game. To your dismay, he’s thrown out scissors while you threw out paper. Silently cursing, you turn back to Ember.“Are you sure you don’t have something a little more, um, comfortable?”“Sorry, but you clearly lost at that little game,” she smirks. “I’ll be leaving you two to get comfortable while I attend a meeting.”“Yeah, whatever,” you grumble, not looking forward to throwing your back out. Ember says nothing more, leaving the two of you alone, and you sit down on the rock bed. “So if we’re gonna be staying here, we should probably send a letter to Twilight soon.”“I’ll ask Ember for some paper when she gets back.”“Aw, crap,” you mutter, having just realized something. “This is going to cut into my vacation days at the Boutique…”“I wonder when Ember is gonna be back,” you sigh, your feet swinging back and forth off the edge of the bed. It had been nearly an hour since she’d left, or at least, you were pretty sure it had been. Clocks didn’t seem to be a thing in the Dragon Lands, so you had absolutely no idea what time it even was.“Hopefully soon, I’m starving,” Spike replies, making you raise your eyebrow.“Dude, we ate like an hour ago.”“Yeah, I know, but I wanted a second helping.” He blushes.“Well then why didn’t you just ask?” You say, slapping a hand to your face in disappointment.“I didn’t wanna be rude. After all, we are her guests.”“Yeah, well if you ever tell the others that I ate beef, I’ll—”“Am I interrupting something?” That voice makes you scream for joy inwardly, and you turn to the doorway with a smile. That smile quickly fades as you take in Ember’s appearance, though. She looks absolutely exhausted, as if she’d gone a few days without sleep. What the hell had happened at her meeting?“N-no. How did your meeting go, Ember?”“Well,” she replies. “Though I did not expect it to go on as long as it did.”“Heh, that’s meetings for you. There’s always something that makes them last longer.”“Especially if Twilight is your boss,” Spike comments, making you laugh. Ember tilts her head.“I don’t understand.”“He means that Twilight is always finding work to do,” you explain. “She’s a huge nerd, basically.”“Ah, I see. Well, I was thinking that you two could help teach me about friendship now.” The two of you quickly shuffle to your feet. She smiles at that. “You two seem anxious to leave this room.”“Hell yeah!” You shout, ready to finally go somewhere else. Spike seems to share your sentiments, but you cut him off. “Please tell me the room we’re going to isn’t made entirely out of rocks…”Ember chuckles at that, and motions for the two of you to follow her. It’s only as you take a good look at the hallway you’re in that you realize just how large this place is. The throne room must have had several more secret passageways in it, because you could see numerous hallways connected to the one you’re in. You follow Ember’s lead and take a left down one of those hallways, and come to a large wooden door. “This room is our secret study,” she explains, pushing the door open.To your absolute disbelief, the room is made almost entirely out of wood. There are a few wicker chairs in the center around a coffee table, and the walls are completely lined with books, some of which you recognize from Twilight’s library back home. “But I thought dragons didn’t care about being smart?”“Father might not, but I had this built after I became Dragon Lord.” You watch as she walks to the nearest bookshelf and grabs a rather large novel. The name on the spine seems awfully familiar to you. “This is my favorite book so far.”“Wait a sec, can I see that?” You hold your hand out, and she gives you the book. “‘Nineteen Neighty-Four’...” You mutter out the name, then look back up to Ember. “Are you freaking kidding me?”Ember puts her hands on her hips and turns her nose up at you. “Hmph, well if you don’t like it, then just give it back.”“No, that’s not it at all. I love this book,” you smile, hugging the book close. “Do you mind if I borrow it to read?”“As long as you stay in here while you do. But you so much as scuff that book, and I’ll claw your eyes out,” she warns you, poking her claws out at you for emphasis. You take the warning, and make your way over to one of the chairs she has set up. “Hey, do you have any blank scrolls?” You hear Spike ask Ember, and she leads him to the other side of the room. While they’re off presumably writing a letter to Twilight, you open up the book and begin reading. To your astonishment, it’s almost a word for word copy of the one from back home, aside from the humans being changed to ponies. As you begin to read, the world around you is zoned out, and you lose yourself in the dystopian world.You aren’t sure how long you’ve been reading the book, but the sound of a platter being dropped on the coffee table freaks you out enough to make you throw the book up in the air. You manage to catch it before it falls onto the mugs of coffee she’d brought, and Ember gives you a glare as she sits down next to you, running her index claw up and down the arm of the wicker chair. “It’s a good thing you caught that.”You chuckle nervously, rubbing the back of your head. “Heh, you’re not really gonna claw my eyes out, are you?”You feel Spike take a seat to your left, leaving you in between two dragons, and you gulp. “I guess you won’t know until you mess up,” she replies, smirking.“So why did you decide to have a study built?” You ask, attempting to change the subject. Luckily, she takes the bait, and takes a sip of the coffee she’d prepared before replying. You decide to grab a cup, and take a sip as well. It’s good, and you drink a bit more as she begins speaking.“I felt that, in order to better understand ponies, I should try to surround myself with their knowledge,” she speaks slowly, looking around the study as she does. You take the opportunity to shove your nose back into the book you’d been reading. “Plus, learning about the history of Equestria has been pretty cool.”“Heh, you should see how many books Twilight has in her library,” Spike pipes up. “And she used to make me reorganize them every single morning.”Ember raises an eyebrow at that. “She forced you to reorganize her library for her? Why not do it herself?”“She helped,” you say, not looking up from your book. “Spike likes to leave that fact out when he talks to girls he likes.”Spike punches your arm playfully at that, and you snicker as you rub where he’d hit you. Ember, though, is blushing and says, “O-oh, I see.”‘Crap,’ you think, ‘Now she’s all embarrassed…’“He’s just messing around,” Spike says, catching on to it as well. Hopefully he knows how to use tact so he doesn’t piss her off. “I like you as a friend, but that’s it.”Ember clears her throat, doing her best to regain her composure. Her tail slithers up and smacks back down against the floor, and you can tell that she’s having trouble getting out words, so you decide to help her. “So Ember, tell me, what do you like to do for fun?”She takes a moment, but says, “Hunt.”“Hunt for…?” Spike asks, leaning forward along with you as you await her answer. She mutters something, but neither of you can discern what it was, so you ask her to speak up.“Birds, alright?! I hunt birds!” She yells, her face turning red. Your sudden laughter confuses her, and she leans towards you. “And just what are you laughing about? I’ll have you know that birds are a formidable enemy!”“Humans hunt birds too, Ember,” you reply, and she seems to calm down a bit. “You done freaking out?” You ask, and she nods reluctantly. “Humans eat bird all the time.”“You do?”“Yeah, but I’m surprised you guys do, to be honest. Spike, have you ever eaten meat?” You ask, turning to him. He shakes his head.“No, but most griffons and dragons do. I was raised by Twilight and Princess Celestia, and ponies don’t eat meat.”“That makes sense,” Ember says. “But actually, most dragons prefer to eat beef. I’m one of the few that likes poultry more. Father says it’s a sign of weakness, but what does he know? I’m the Dragon Lord now,” she smirks.“I don’t really care what I eat as long as it tastes good and doesn’t kill me,” you chuckle. “Though you might want to keep the fact that you eat meat on the down-low if you’re ever in Equestria.”“Yeah, probably,” Spike cuts in. “Especially in Ponyville. I swear, those ponies will freak out over the smallest thing. But hey, it wouldn’t be Ponyville without a little chaos now and then.” He was definitely right. All you had to do was think back to the story they’d told you about when bunnies stampeded through the town, and the townsfolk all ran away in terror, to know that overreacting was a common occurrence there. Heck, there had been times where ponies had taken shelter in your home from just a little bit of rain.“I’m sure I can handle just eating some gems if I ever visit there,” Ember grumbles. “What, do you think I don’t have any restraint?”“It’s not so much we don’t think you have self-control as you’re a fire-breathing dragon. I don’t think ponies are big on that, are they Spike?” His answer is a snort of laughter, which tells both of you all you need to know. “Exactly.”“Part of befriending someone is making compromises with them,” Spike adds, and you nod. “If you promise not to act mean, like you have been with him,” he points to you, “then they’ll be more accepting of you.”“Even of my meat-eating?” She asks.You sigh. “I’m sure that they’ll be fine with it as long as you don’t do it in front of them,” you say. “When Twilight found out humans were omnivores, she didn’t make too big a deal out of it.”“I see. What do ponies eat, if not meat or gems?”“Plants,” you and Spike say at the same time. Her face blanches at that, and the two of you snicker. “They’re not that bad,” you say, but her expression doesn’t seem to change.“You mean to tell me you eat vegetation? That is absolutely disgusting…”“Ponies think the same of eating meat,” Spike counters. “‘Sides, it’s not like you have to eat them.”“What else do friends do?” she asks, quite clearly trying to change the subject. She looks like she’s about to puke, and you feel bad for laughing about it, but not bad enough to stop.“Friends make fun of their friends,” you say, leaning towards Spike. The drake lifts up a hand and you give him a high-five. “Nah, but friends do poke fun at each other once in a while,” you say, leaning back in your chair and putting your book down on your lap. “Speaking of, what kind of dragon drinks coffee?”“The kind that likes to feel energized,” she replies, seemingly calmed down. Suddenly, though, she pounds her fist against the arm of her chair. “Gah! Why is learning about friendship so difficult?”“Well you can’t exactly learn it in five minutes,” Spike deadpans. “You just need to find someone you’re willing to look out for, and that would look out for you.”“Well then that rules out him,” she says, pointing at you.“Hey, I’ll have you know that I—”“I guess that just leaves you,” she says to Spike, cutting you off. You grumble a bit, but decide to just let the two converse. “You were willing to die to help your friends, and to help me.”“Well, yeah,” he blushes, rubbing the back of his head. “I just thought it was the right thing to do. Besides, you did the same for me.”“Huh, I guess I did. Does that makes us friends?”Spike titters. “Of course! The fact that you called me here to teach you about friendship should answer that question,” he says matter-of-factly. “And I do wanna help you.”“Speaking of that, how’s Starlight?” You ask, turning back to Spike. You hadn’t heard from the unicorn in a while, and you were curious how her redemption was going. Twilight seemed to have high hopes for the former villain, but you had been far less willing to trust her after seeing what she’d done to her village.“She’s great,” Spike replies, which was good; at least she wasn’t causing trouble anymore. “Twilight thinks she’ll be ready to go off on her own soon.”You blow a bit of air out of your nose at that one. The very idea of the pony who had altered the timestream just to cheat her way to victory being accepted so readily is laughable. Still, this world seems to be a lot happier than your own, so something that crazy didn’t sound, well, crazy. “If you ask me, I think she still has a lot to learn.”“Excuse me, but who is Starlight?” Ember asks. You let out a sigh.“Damn it,” you curse, hating having to explain stuff like this. You decide to condense it, and hope for the best. “Alright, she’s this unicorn that tricked a bunch of ponies into following her every command. She stole their cutie marks, and if it wasn’t for Fluttershy, she would have done the same to our friends.”“That sounds terrible…” she mutters. “I don’t know much about ponies, but I know that their cutie marks make them who they are.”“It was. She was a horrible leader, but…” You think back to what Twilight had told you on numerous occasions. “I suppose anybody can change, given the right motivation.”“Many of my dragon kin believe that I’m not fit to be a leader,” Ember responds. “They believe that a leader has to be tough and fearsome, but I can be those!”“I dunno, you are pretty cute for a dragon,” you reply. Her eyes go wide, she blushes, and you know exactly what’s coming. “S-shut up, I am not cute! I’m the Lord of all dragons!” She shouts, banging her scepter against the ground a bunch as she does. The whole display only serves to reinforce the fact that she’s cute, but you decide to just let her have this one.“Fine, you’re the most fearsome dragon I know,” you say, your voice dripping with sarcasm. You hear her yell at you some more, but you tune her out as you pick your book back up, open it, and lean back in your chair. You begin to read where you’d left off, chuckling at how easy it was to upset her. She definitely isn’t going to learn how to take friendly barbs quickly, that much you’re sure of. After a few seconds, your thoughts are consumed by the book you’re reading.‘Oh, 1984, I love you...Once Ember notices you are no longer paying her any attention, she turns hers towards Spike. Most of their conversation is about the intricacies of friendship, but then they start talking about dragons. Turns out Spike knew shockingly little about his own heritage, so it looks like Ember is about to give him a rundown. Deciding that this might be worth your time as well, you place the book on the coffee table.“So how long does it take for a dragon’s wings to come in?” That is actually a good question, one you’d been aching to know the answer to since you’d met Spike. The fact that the dragon is as small as he is surprised you. Heck, you have yet to run into a dragon the size of the ones from the movies you used to watch. Well, aside from Ember’s dad.“Why do you ask, Spike?”“Well, this one time, I went out of control hoarding stuff and grew really huge,” he pauses for a moment, which you take to imagine him being as big as Torch. The mere thought is hilarious, but the actual events had probably been pretty sketchy. “Rarity ended up breaking me out of the hoarding, but I still never grew any wings.”“Hm.” Ember puts a claw to her chin in thought. “Very few dragons have fallen prey to the curse of hoarding, and those who have were already pretty big.”“What does that have to do with anything?” You butt in. Spike seems curious as well.“What I mean is that the growth of a dragon’s wings may have to do with their age, and not their metabolism,” she explains. You sort of understand, but beckon for her to continue. “It doesn’t matter how big a dragon is, because sprouting wings is a matter of how old you are.”“Huh, I guess that makes sense. How long ago did you start growing yours?” Spike asks. You’re curious about that as well. You actually had no clue how old Ember was, but you knew that Spike was around fifteen now. The lack of growth in him may have been a result of his metabolism not growing out of control due to greed, but you find it more likely that dragons simple age very slowly.“My wings grew out about two years ago, around the time I turned nineteen.” Ah, so she’s twenty-one then. “But it varies from dragon to dragon.”“How old were Garble and his friends?” You ask. They looked a lot older than Ember and Spike, that much was for sure, but that could also just be their metabolism. Honestly, this conversation had only served to further confuse you on dragon physiology thus far.“Garble is actually older than me, but I’m not really sure how much,” she replies. “Between you and me, I know why he’s such a jerk to everyone.”“Why’s that?” Spike asks.“He’s what the dragons referred to as a bareback for the longest time, because his wings grew in really late.” Okay, that is something you’ll need to remember to bring up next time you see him. “He’s also a, uh…” Ember mumbles out the rest, and you and Spike lean closer to her.“He’s a what now?” You asks. You’re sure it’s something juicy as hell, since she’s reluctant to say it.“He hasn’t… you know.” It takes you a second, but then it dawns on you, and your eyes widen as a smirk grows on your face.“Oh. Oh!”“What? What is he?” Spike asks. You’re not sure whether you should tell him, because you really don’t want Twilight to find out. The look on his face makes up your mind, though.“He’s never had sex, Spike.” You expect Spike to blush at that, but he surprises you by falling out of his chair and rolling around on the floor, laughing his butt off. You turn back to Ember while he does, smirking. “Why’s that such a big deal with dragons?”“It’s seen as some kind of status booster,” she shrugs. Ah, you had known some guys during your time in school that had thought of it that way, but you’d never cared much about it yourself. “Personally, I don’t understand it.”Spike seems to have calmed down his laughter and hops back into his chair, scooting it closer to the two of you. “I’ll have to remember that, but what else can you tell me about dragons?”Ember offers Spike a warm smile. “Did you know that not all dragons breathe fire?”Spike’s eyes go wide at that, and you listen with interest. “Really?”Ember nods. “Mhm. Lots of dragons in the Northern and Southern areas of the planet live in cold places.”“Lemme guess, they have frost breath?” You ask, and she nods again. “How come none of those dragons came here when your father sent for everyone?”“Would you like the full history lesson?” She sighs. This could be a cool chance at learning some more history of the planet, but you can also tell she doesn’t really wanna explain everything right now. Fortunately, it looks like Spike wants to hear about it, so you decide to make a compromise with her. “How about an abridged version?”“Alright, that’s fine,” she replies. You and Spike look giddily at one another, then back to her as she begins talking. “Thousands of years ago, before ponies even inhabited the planet, the dragons were the dominant creatures.“The leader of the dragons was Brimstone for a lot of those years. Once some other species started popping up, Brimstone wanted to attack all of them so that dragons would be not just the dominant creatures, but the only creatures on the planet. Some dragons liked that idea, but—”“What do you think of it?” You interrupt, curious. She raises an eyebrow at you, as if the answer is obvious. “I think it’s a stupid idea, obviously, or you wouldn’t be alive, you idiot.”“Oh, she got you!” Spike laughs. Yeah, you had kinda walked into that one, damn it. “Keep going, Ember!”“... But there were other dragons that knew that it was a terrible idea. If you destroyed every species but the dragons, then they would have to eat just gems for the rest of time, and the dissenting dragons brought up a good point. What would happen when the planet’s supply of gems ran dry?“Those dragons ended up rebelling against Brimstone, but their revolt wasn’t successful, and a lot of them died,” she pauses, looking a bit sad at that. You’re about to say something when it looks like she’s regained her composure. “Anyways, one of the dragons, named Gelid, led the rebellious dragons to the Southern ice caps.“Brimstone cut them off from all other dragons, and it’s remained that way ever since. So whenever the appointed Fire Lord summons any dragons, those dragons are left out,” she finishes explaining. You have a few questions, though. “Why not go find them?”“The areas they live in are too harsh for normal dragons to go to,” she answers. “We’ve tried to send parties to find them in the past, but we’ve never been successful.”“Yeah, remember how cold you were in the Crystal Empire, Spike?” The young drake nods. “Well the polar caps would be like five times as cold, especially at night.”“Whoa, and there are dragons that live there? That’s pretty impressive.” He looks awestruck, and you almost feel bad that he’ll likely never meet any of the dragons Ember was talking about. “What else can you tell me?”Ember leans back in her chair, and her tail slithers around a bit as she thinks. You’re enjoying learning a bit about dragons, and Spike has looked ecstatic as he’s listened to Ember. No doubt he was going to relay all of this information to Twilight, who was then going to write numerous notes about it. “Why are you so much smaller than your dad?” You ask.That seems to catch her off-guard, and she glares at you. “I’ll have you know that I’m still a young dragon.”“Aren’t you twenty-one?”“Dragons age differently, you idiot!” she exclaims, and you chuckle as you try to calm her down to no avail. “My father is over three hundred years old, for your information!”“Wow, dragons really live for that long?” Spike asks, wide-eyed.Ember pinches the bridge of her nose in frustration, but manages to give Spike a smile and a nod after a moment. “My father isn’t even that old. Some dragons live to be thousands of years old.”“What are the age groups like?” You ask.“When a dragon is born, they’re referred to as a ‘wyrmling’,” she explains. “A wyrmling is equivalent to what ponies call ‘foals’.” She pauses for a moment to take a sip of her coffee. As she does, you’re reminded that she brought you a cup as well, and you take a sip as she continues. “After about five years, a wyrmling begins to go through some changes. Their spinal column grows out, and their claws begin to separate.”“I don’t remember that happening,” Spike comments, looking over his hands. “Most dragons remember very little about their time as a wyrmling. Anyways, for the next ten years, a dragon doesn’t grow much, if at all. You might notice that Spike hasn’t grown at all since you’ve met him?” She guesses. She’s right, of course. The little guy was the same size he was the day you first saw him. “After that stage, another growth spurt occurs. Dragons get taller, and they begin to, uh…” She pauses, blushing, but manages to spit out, “sexually mature.”“So are you sexually mature?” Spike asks bluntly, and you immediately laugh. Ember slowly nods, which doesn’t surprise you, but there’s one thing you’re curious about now. “How do you know?”“What?” She looks confused, as if your question had an obvious answer.“How do you know you’re sexually maturing?” You repeat.“I don’t know, you just kind of know,” she answers, shifting uncomfortably. Screw it, that answer was fair enough, and she clearly didn’t want to talk about it anyways.“Ah. Human females know because their body starts to expel eggs. They get cramps, bleed a bit, it’s pretty gross.”“That sounds… unpleasant,” she replies, her face blanching.“Yeah, trust me, they let the guys know that it is,” you chuckle. You couldn’t exactly blame them for it either. No other mammals on Earth had periods, so it was definitely unfair. “You can continue, sorry.”She smiles graciously, and does just that. “It’s during that time that a dragon typically tries to find a mate. Other species seem to think dragons will mate with anyone, but that’s not always true.”“Do you have one?” Spike asks. She shakes her head, which isn’t very shocking. With how uncomfortable she was talking about sexual stuff, she was definitely pretty innocent. “I don’t really have any interest in letting a dragon touch me like that. Male dragons aren’t very, um, gentle.”“Shocker,” you reply sarcastically. “This may sound wrong, but why can’t you see a dragon’s… you know. Junk?” Your term seems to be lost on the Dragon Lord, and she blinks a bit. Alright, it looks like you’ll have to just take after Spike and be blunt about it. “I’ve seen you walk around, and I’ve never noticed your genitals.”Her whole face lights up red at that. “And just what are you doing trying to look at my genitalia, you freak?!”Spike snickers and leans towards you as Ember fumes. “You woke the beast, man.”“It’s not just you,” you defend yourself. “It’s the same with all dragons, I was just wondering.”“If you must know… you pervert,” she adds under her breath, “they’re concealed under our underbelly unless we grow aroused.”“Hey, man,” you reply, “I’m just curious about dragon physiology. You’re only flattering yourself if you actually think I wanna see your freaky reptile bits.” You give her a smug look, and she’s about to shoot back a reply when Spike interrupts both of you.“You still haven’t finished explaining how dragons age, Ember.”She lets out a sigh and sticks her tongue out at you. “You got lucky this time.” Taking a moment to recompose herself, she picks right back up where she’d left off earlier. “It’s during this stage that most dragons begin to sprout their wings. There are a few exceptions—”“Like Garble,” you recall.“Like Garble. The next age group is when a dragon starts to grow to the size that Garble and his friends are,” she continues. “From then on, dragons begin to age at a slower and slower rate.”“That’s pretty cool,” Spike comments. “Does that mean I’ll live for thousands of years?”“As long as nothing kills you, yes.”“Well hopefully I can avoid that,” he smiles. “But that does mean I’ll outlive Twilight…” He sounds a tad morose, and you frown.“Yeah, but you’ll get to make all new friends,” you attempt to comfort him. “‘Sides, you shouldn’t focus on the future, you gotta live in the moment.”“How long do ponies live for?” Ember asks. You actually aren’t too certain yourself, and it doesn’t look like Spike is either. You knew Granny Smith was probably around a hundred years old, which absolutely decimated the age limits of equines on Earth, and nobody ever talked as if she was close to dying any time soon.“Well, I know one pony that’s around a hundred years old, but that’s it. Celestia and Luna have been around for thousands of years, though.”“Interesting. I thought dragons were the only creatures capable of living for such a long time?”“Well, they’re alicorns,” Spike says.Ember raises an eyebrow at that. “Alicorns?”“You’ve never heard of alicorns?” You ask, kinda surprised. You would think that over the thousands of years that Celestia and Luna had ruled, the dragons would have known about them. Of course, she was also a pretty young dragon, and she had said herself that many dragons had no interest in learning. “Not even from any of these books?” She shakes her head, and you look to Spike. “You wanna explain or should I?”“You’ve got it,” he chuckles. “You’re more like Twilight than I am.”Well he has you there. You had done your best to learn about Equestria during the three years you’d been here, and even Twilight herself was surprised at the amount of knowledge you’d retained up to this point. You turn back to Ember, and begin to explain. “Okay. I assume you know about the basic pony species, right?”“You mean earth ponies, unicorns, and pegasi?”Well at least you wouldn’t have to explain those to her. “Right. Well, as far to my knowledge, an alicorn is something of a combination of all three, but with a few enhancements.”“What do you mean?”“Well, everyone knows that the main attribute of a pegasus pony is its wings that give it the ability to fly. Unlike dragons, pegasi are born with their wings.”“I see. Are they able to fly as foals?” She asks, and you nod. “That’s gotta be a strange sight.”You think back to watching Pound Cake fly around, and she’s definitely right. It’s both strange and hilarious, though. “Then you have unicorns, who have the ability to perform magic.” You pause, assuming she’s going to ask a question, but she doesn’t. “Then there are the earth ponies, who are more physically gifted than the other two.”“And where do alicorns fit in this?”“Alicorns are basically a better version of all three species mashed together into one pony. They have bigger wings, larger horns, and are generally larger than most ponies. They also have a much higher capacity for magic.”“How much higher?”“Well, Celestia moves the Sun itself with her magic, and Luna does the same with the moon, so I’d say so much higher that you can’t put a number to it.”Ember’s eyes go wide at that, and she reels back a bit in her chair. “Th-that’s impossible!”“That’s what I thought,” you reply, “until I saw Celestia raise it myself.” Her jaw drops at the very idea, and you titter. “Guess it’s a good thing Garble didn’t get the scepter, right?”“What do you mean?” She asks. Spike gives a surprised look at that, and asks what you were about to. “Wait, you mean you don’t know what he was planning?”She shakes her head. “My only extended interaction with him was our fight in the cave.” That was true, which meant she had never heard him when the announcement was made that the winner would be crowned the new Dragon Lord.“He wanted to attack Equestria.”“He… did?” She looks downtrodden at that, her head drooping slightly. “I had no idea, and my selfishness almost let him do just that…”“Hey, it’s fine,” you smile. “The important thing is that he wasn’t able to do it.”“If he had, and what you’re saying about Princesses Celestia and Luna is true, then he would have led us all to ruin.”“Yeah, they would have put the smackdown on you guys for sure,” Spike giggles for a moment. You shoot him a glare and he stops abruptly. “Eh, hehe, sorry.”“It’s fine,” Ember admits. “I see now why you care about your friends, Spike. They would never try to do something so… cowardly.”Thinking back, there weren’t many times you could recall that even required Celestia and Luna to help out. Twilight and her friends had always managed to stop whatever threats came their way through the power of friendship, which was something you’d come to appreciate. But still, the fact that Celestia and Luna had been able to hold their own against Discord, and even defeat him, spoke bounds about the power they possessed. Of course, whether they had defeated him after a long battle, or simply caught him off-guard with the Elements of Harmony was a mystery that they’d likely never reveal.“You cared enough about the safety of your home to risk your own life to save it. I can’t think of a single dragon that would do the same thing if they had the chance,” Ember goes on. “I’m glad to call you my friend.”“I’m glad you’re mine, too,” Spike smiles happily. “But I can think of one. You.”Ember tries to stammer out some excuse about how that isn’t true, but you aren’t having any of that. “Oh, come on, Ember, you fought off a dragon three times your size just to help save Spike. The other dragons might not think so, but that makes you a better candidate for leader than any of them could ever hope to be.”She blushes a bit at your compliment, which you find adorable. “T-thank you…”“Any time,” you smirk. After a moment, you get up from your seat and stretch your arms out with a yawn. “Well, I’m beat, long trip today. You mind if I just sleep in here?”“In the study? But there’s not even a bed.”“That’s true, but there is a rug, which is a lot more comfortable than stone.”Ember thinks for a moment, then nods. “Alright, I guess you can if you want. C’mon, Spike, I’d like to hear more about your friends before I follow his lead and go to bed,” she says, getting up from her seat. You watch as the two walk towards the door, chatting the whole time, then fall back into your chair. If you were going to be spending two weeks here, then you’d at least spend the majority of that time in the study so you could read to pass the time.Once you hear the door slam shut, you think back to a thought that had entered your mind just a few moments earlier. Had you really thought that Ember looked adorable? You try pass it off as an in-the-moment thing, and close your eyes as you attempt to fall asleep. She's a dragon, for christ’s sake. The thought eats away at you for a bit, but you manage to drift off after a while.As you wake from your slumber, you’re aware of something poking against your side. You reach out to brush whatever it is away, but reel back when you feel it. It’s sharp, and the feeling of it pricking your hand causes your eyes to snap open as well. Your vision takes a moment to clear up, but when it does, you look to your right. “Your tail is poking my side.”Ember looks up from her book, but makes no move to shift her tail. “Looks like it.” You roll your eyes, and move to grab it, this time being sure to avoid the tip of the tailfin. With a little nudge, her tail flops to the floor and you fold your arm back over your belly. You force your eyes shut, but it’s useless at this point. The pain her tail had caused to your hand was lingering, and your eyes open back up after a few moments. “That hurt, you know…”The dragoness just shrugs. “It was your fault, not mine.”“Well you were the one poking your tail into my side,” you argue, shifting yourself to sit up in your chair. You let out a yawn as you stretch your arms outwards.“Well you were the one who just grabbed at it without looking first, idiot,” Ember retorts. Well shit, she pretty much had you there. You decide to take this moment to look around the study for Spike, but you don’t see any trace of him. “If you’re looking for Spike,” she guesses correctly, shifting her focus back to her book, “he insisted on sleeping in.”“Heh, what a shocker.” That didn’t surprise you. Twilight always made the poor guy wake up at ungodly times. You were honestly surprised whenever he didn’t have massive bags under his eyes. “So what brings you here?”“I am reading, if that wasn’t blatantly obvious,” she replies coldly. You ignore that, and look at the cover of the book. When your eyes finally manage to adjust to reading it sideways, you recite it aloud.“‘Equine Dating Habits’?” You chuckle. “Why on Earth would you care about that?”“If you must know,” Ember turns her nose up at you, “our conversation last night piqued my interest.”You look at the book again. It looks as if she’s already about forty or fifty pages in, which seems to be about a fourth of the book overall. “So I’m guessing you’ve already read about the cheesier aspects of their dating rituals?”Ember doesn’t directly answer your question, instead asking a question of her own. One that you can’t help but laugh at. “Is it true that the mares eat the flowers they’re offered?”“Some of them do, but not all of them.” You chuckle at the thought of a girl doing that back home. You’re almost certain that any guy who saw that happen would take off faster than a speeding bullet. “I actually had a question for you, though.”“Then ask it,” Ember replies, moving her attention back to her book. “Unless you humans are incapable of performing such menial tasks.”You ignore that little barb, which is probably for the best. “How do dragons court each other?”“Hm?” The Dragon Lord hums, “What do you mean?”“You know. Ponies give each other flowers and get married and stuff. What do dragons do?” You ask, clarifying it for her. “I know you guys don’t exactly believe in ‘love’, but you’ve gotta have some way of figuring out who you want to… you know, with.”Ember gently places the book down on the table, and turns to you with a smirk. You swear you can hear a slightly chuckle escape her lips. “You want to know how we go about mating.”“Yes, well…” You feel your cheeks heat up a bit, and your cross your arms over your chest as you avoid the dragoness’ gaze. “You don’t have to put it so bluntly, ya know.”“What would you like to know about?” You hear her ask. “The process of earning another dragon’s affections, or the process of—”“Okay!” You shout, thankfully cutting her off. You definitely didn’t need to be hearing about how dragons had sex, especially not from the fucking Dragon Lord. “I think just telling me how you guys find out who you like will be fine, thanks.”Ember opens her mouth to reply, but shuts it just as quickly. Instead of replying right away, she grabs her book and flaps her wings, hovering up and over to the bookshelf and putting it back in its rightful spot. As she flies back, she finally seems to have an answer for you. “We don’t ‘like’ each other. When dragons choose their mate, it’s not out of love, it’s out of necessity,” she says, plopping down gently in her chair.She stretches her wings a bit before finally retracting them against her sides. She turns her chair a bit so that she’s facing you, and continues. “Once a year, on the week of the Winter Solstice, the dragons enter into a mating ritual.”“Kind of like when mares go into heat?” You ask for clarification. Ember nods, and you chuckle a bit. “Minus the bitchiness, hopefully.”She raises an eyebrow at that. “What is ‘bitchiness’?”Oh. Right. The creatures of this world don’t know about human curse words. “It’s just a word used in my world to describe someone with a foul attitude.”“Ah,” Ember nods in understanding. You motion for her to go on and lean back a bit more in your chair. “Well, the ritual begins when the male dragons take their places on top of their rocks. They stretch their wings out as far as they can, and then the females go around to look for the best available dragon.”“... That’s it?” You ask.“Well… yeah,” she shrugs. “Like I said, it’s not about love or anything. The females just pick the males they think are the most attractive.”“Man, the women in my world would have a field day if they heard that…” You mutter, just quiet enough so that Ember doesn’t pick up on it. Raising your voice a bit, you reply to her. “Have, uh, you, ever taken part in the ritual?”Ember turns so red that you could almost mistake her for a female Garble. Oh god. Ew. No. Get that image outta your head, bro. “N-no! Why would you even assume I have, I’m too young for children! Besides, I told you yesterday that I would never let a dragon touch me like that!”Oh. Right. She had, hadn’t she? Whoops. “S-sorry, just trying to make conversation,” you reply weakly.“Well think of a better topic than whether or not I’ve ever had a penis inside of me!” She shouts at you, her face red as a tomato. It’s actually kinda funny, but you’re not laughing. You don’t want to die today.“O-okay,” you stammer out. “S-so, uh… how’s the weather been?”Ember stares at you blankly, blinking a few times. Finally, after what seems like hours, she pinches the bridge of her nose. “... You’re an idiot.”“Yeah, an idiot that you’re having fun talking to,” you shoot back. “Otherwise you would have left already.”“Hmph, I just don’t want to upset Spike by maiming his ‘bro’,” she replies, sarcasm evident in her voice as she turns her nose up at you once again.“Yeah, sure, keep on—” You’re cut off as the doors to the study open up, the drake in question walking in. He’s rubbing at his eyes, and lets out a yawn as he waves weakly at the two of you. “Morning, Spike. Tired?”“Like you wouldn’t believe,” he replies, immediately making his way over towards the coffee machine. God, even his voice sounds like it was just awoken from a thousand year slumber. Hopefully some caffeine will fix that. “I couldn’t fall asleep on that stupid rock bed. It kept digging into my spines.”“At least you didn’t wake up to a tail poking you in the side,” you grumble, earning a little jab in the arm from Ember’s elbow. “Hey, get me some coffee too, would ya?”“Yeah, yeah, whatever.” Spike waves a hand nonchalantly, as if to say ‘no worries’. “So what have you two been up to?”“Just talking,” you’re quick to reply, cutting off whatever Ember was planning on saying. Not that she seems to mind. Anything to avoid telling Spike just what you were talking about.“Oh yeah. About what?” He asks a bit too sarcastically.Fuck.“Uh…”You’re doomed. At least, until Ember suddenly decides to save the day. “We were just talking about… food.”You can’t see Spike’s face as he goes to work making some coffee over by the bookshelves, but you’re fairly certain he just chuckled. “You two are terrible liars.”… Shit.“If you don’t want to tell me what you were talking about, just say so.”Okay, that works. “We don’t really want to tell you what we were talking about,” you say. Ember nods profusely in agreement. Spike shrugs, seemingly okay with that, and after a few moments he comes back and hands you a cup of coffee, placing his own down on the table.“You know, for a trip to the Dragon Lands, this feels an awful lot like Twilight’s tree library.”Tree Library? You’ve never heard about that. “What library now?”“Oh yeah, I guess she never told you. It’s a pretty bad memory, after all. But back before the fight with Tirek, we lived in this tree that had been hollowed out into a house, and a library. Tirek kinda blew it up during their battle, though.”“... I fail to see the problem,” you reply, earning odd looks from the two dragons. “I mean sure, her house blew up, but now she lives in a castle. A friggin’ CASTLE.”“I’m sure you’d feel different if it was your home that exploded,” Ember argues. She almost has a point, but… “Maybe for a bit,” you chuckle, “but I’d be moving into a castle!”“You keep saying ‘castle’ as if they’re some sort of mystical buildings that you’ll never be able to go into. Don’t you live in one?” Ember asks, eyebrow raised curiously.“Damn straight I do.”Spike chuckles at your behavior, turning to Ember. “So what’s the plan for today?”“I was actually waiting for you to wake up,” Ember replies, her face showing a bit of the excitement she has in her plan. “I was hoping that we could go out, and let you two get to know some of the other dragons.”Meeting more dragons, huh? Well, Pyre had certainly seemed pretty cool. It would be nice to just hang out and chat with him, if your conversation had been any indication of his personality. You can only hope that most of the other dragons are like him. You smile. “I’m game.”You look over to Spike, and he offers up his own smile. “Yeah, it could be fun! I just hope we don’t run into Garble….”“Not like Garble would be able to do much with Ember around,” you say, pointing in her direction with your thumb. “He’d never disobey as Dragon Lord as cool as her.”You keep your eyes focused on Spike, but you just know that Ember is blushing. “H-heh, thanks. But I’ve still got a lot to learn, and my hope is that Spike can teach me a bit more about being a good friend.”“Well if he fails, you’ve always got me, “ you wink at her. That makes her giggle, and you feel as though you’ve succeeded in finally saying something she liked. What a fuckin’ miracle. And hey, that laugh was actually kinda—“Uh, are you okay, bro?” Spike asks, nudging your shoulder and pulling you away from your thoughts. “You’re, like, totally staring at Ember.”You blush a bit at his words, and turn sharply towards him. “Dude, shut up!”Ember giggles again, and the two of you turn back to her. Damn, that giggle is cute. “Is this what being friends is like?”“If you mean always poking fun at each other, then you’re spot on,” you reply, smirking. “Now, what do you say we go meet some dragons?”As you walk through the scorched, barren Dragon Lands, you try your best to stick close to Spike and Ember. The last thing you’d want to do is piss off the wrong dragon and not have any backup on standby.Hell, you don’t want to piss off any dragon.“You alright, bro?”Spike’s question knocks you out of your stupor, and you look down to meet his worried gaze. “Y-yeah, I’m okay.”Ember’s tail slithers up, and comes crashing back down to the ground with a thud as she stops to address you. “The stutter in your voice says otherwise. Don’t tell me the only human in Equestria is afraid of dragons,” she mocks you. Though she’s not wrong.“Well, duh,” you affirm. “Dragons can fucking breathe fire and rip creatures apart with their bare claws.”“Mmm.”“Aw, c’mon,” Spike interjects. “Now that Ember is in charge, things like that won’t happen anymore. She’ll be the best Dragon Lord ever.”Ember sighs. “I wouldn’t be so sure, Spike. One of my scouts reported back recently, with news of an attack on Fillydelphia.”“Who was responsible?” you ask. Ember peers up to the sky, a look of contemplation painted across her face. This is probably the first time you’ve actually seen the dragoness show some form of doubt since you’d met her.“A rogue female,” she replies. “She wasn’t able to do much before the local guards ran her off, but she’s not doing any favors for the process of diplomacy between our nations.”“If my world is anything to go by,” you say, managing to grab her attention, “you don’t need to worry. Most people can see that one bad apple doesn’t spoil the whole bunch. Of course, you’ll find those people who believe that one act is representative of an entire race, or religion, but they couldn’t be any more wrong.”Ember doesn’t say anything, but gives a slight nod of approval to go along with the faintest of smiles. Shifting her head to the right, she beckons for the two of you to begin following her again. “With gusto, captain,” you joke. Even though her head turned away from you, you swear you can see her rolling her eyes. Meanwhile, you use yours to scan the surrounding area. Geysers are certainly plentiful in the Dragon Lands, and plenty of dragons are putting them to good use with Winter quickly approaching. “So, what do you call this part?”“This is Geyser Gorge,” she answers. “When the Dragon Lands begin to grow cold, the geysers release their natural gasses and help warm up the area.”“Kind of like letting a shower steam up a restroom?”Ember nods. “Yes, but on a much larger scale. The air becomes so thick that the average pony finds it hard to breathe when outside.”You raise an eyebrow at that, something she quickly takes note of.“Are you sure you’ll be okay staying here?” she asks. Then grins. Oh lord, here it comes. “After all, I’d hate to see the only human in Equestria die because he was too stupid to breathe.”Before you can offer up a reply, Spike tugs on your arm. You look down to meet him, only to see that he’s pointing to one of the geysers. “Hey, check it out. Aren’t those the dragons we met when we first got here?”“Huh.” You definitely do remember seeing the largest of the group before. “That’s Pyre, right?”“Ah, so you’ve already met Pyre,” Ember pipes up. “He’s one of my most loyal dragons. When Garble tried to stage an uprising, he was the first one to place himself between the two of us.”“Huh, no kidding?” You reply. Damn, that gave you some new respect for the guy. “Maybe we should go say hey?”“If you insist,” Ember shrugs, flapping her wings and taking to the air.“Welp, looks like we’re going on foot,” you chuckle, earning a laugh from Spike. The walk over there isn’t long, but it’s definitely hot. If this is how the Dragon Lands are all the time, then it’s going to take some getting used to.By the time the two of you arrive, Ember is already knee-deep in conversation with Pyre. Luckily, he spots you, giving an upward nod of his head. You nod right back, letting him finish up his conversation with Ember.“So I told him, ‘If you can’t handle being ruled by a girl, then tough luck finding a home on this planet,” Pyre boasts, causing his friend group to erupt in laughter. Ember, to her regal credit, only giggles.“I was going to introduce you to Spike and his friend, but apparently they took the liberty of doing it themselves,” Ember glared abjectly at you.“Ah, don’t sweat it,” Pyre smiles. “If it helps, she said you were ‘kinda charming’ while you were walking over here.”In an instant, all the blue faded from Ember’s cheeks, replaced by the deepest of reds. Her stammer matched her blush to a ‘T’. “Th-that never happened. Shut the heck up, Pyre!”“Your stammer says otherwise,” you finally clap back for her earlier insult. Truth be told, you’re absolutely floored that she’d said something like that, but you may as well roll with it. “‘Sides, it’s okay. I know I’m full of charisma,” you finish, striking an exaggerated pose, much to the amusement of Pyre and his group, whose uproarious laughter drowns out any reply Ember tries to throw out.By the time their laughter finally dies down, Ember is shaking, face still as red as ever. Only this time, you can tell she’s pissed. “Alright, that’s it. Tour’s over. We’re going home, now!” she shouts, violently flapping her wings and flying off.You and Spike simultaneously let out sighs. “Well, we’d better do what she says,” Spike says, earning a nod from you.“Thanks for the laugh, Pyre,” you called out over you shoulder as the two of you begin the trek home.“Hah, any time!” he shouts back.Ember might be angry, but one thing is definitely certain. Not all dragons are scary. Some of them are downright fucking hilarious.Dinner time. Every night, you thank Celestia that dragons eat fish, otherwise you’d starve for sure. Still, this meal wasn’t going to be without intrigue. As you pull out your seat and plop down on it, Ember slams her fork down on the table. The sound echoes through the dinner hall, eliciting a wince from you.“Why is it just you tonight?” She demands. “Where is Spike?”“Sleeping,” you reply. That earns another slam of her utensil. Fuck this, you’re not going to let her foul attitude ruin your meal. Instead of elaborating, you poke at the tilapia she’s given you with your own fork, read to chow down.“Aren’t you curious?”“Huh?” You ask, shoving an especially delectable piece of fish in your waiting maw. “Curioush abou’ what,” you try to ask around your food.“Why I said I think you’re… ‘charming’,” she spits out, disgust lacing her voice.You gulp down your first bite. “Not really. I don’t really care if you find me charming. You’re kind of, you know… a dragon?”Ember shoves herself away from the table, rising to her feet. Her hands go to her hips, and this is where you realize you’ve fucked up. “And what is that supposed to mean?”You let out a very annoyed sigh, and roll your eyes. This was getting out of hand, and fast. Freaking Pyre. “Look,” you begin, “it means we’re not compatible. Even if you do think I’m charming, attractive, cute, whatever, I definitely do not feel the same way about you.”Oh, shit. That might not have been the best thing to—“Y-you think I’m ugly?” She chokes out. To your utter shock, tears begin to well up in the corners of her eyes. Before you can object, she takes off from the dining hall and flies in the direction of her personal chambers. The sound of a door slamming shut makes you wince yet again.“Well, that could have gone better,” you announce to the empty room. After prodding at your food for another minute, only to realize you’ve lost whatever appetite you had, you make the somewhat foolish decision to go talk to her. “Well, on the bright side, it can’t get any worse…”You can make out what sounds like sniffling on the other side of the door. It’s definitely not like Ember to show any semblance of weakness, be it physical or emotional, so something is wrong.With a gulp, you rap lightly upon her door. You hear a faint gasp, then what sounds like items being shuffled around. “Who is it?”“It’s me,” you answer.She gives a defeated sigh, and you hear the click of the door unlocking. “Ugh, just come in.”You do as she asks, gently pushing her door open and walking into the darkness. The door clicks back shut behind you, and find yourself totally lost in the pitch black of her room. “Uh… Mind lighting a candle?”“Oh, right. You humans can’t see well in the dark,” she says, gently blowing on a candle, igniting a flame on it. It’s still pretty dark, but much more manageable. “Just sit on the bed.”You walk over to the foot of it and plop down next to her. “I’m sorry.”“For what?” Ember asks. You can tell she’s trying to remain composed, but her voice is betraying her with a tinge of sadness. “You were just being honest…”You turn your head to face Ember, whose gaze remains focused on the floor. As you take in her features, one thing becomes very apparent. “Well… not entirely.”Ember’s gaze rises back up to meet you, as her tail slithers around on the ground. “What is that supposed to be mean?”You rub the back of your head, chuckling nervously. “I mean, you are shapely. F-for a dragon,” you add.Ember blushes a little. “Frankly, I’m the one who owes you an apology. I shouldn’t have yelled at you and Spike the way I did.”“You were embarrassed,” you say. “Anyone else would have reacted the same way, especially if they’re in a position like yours. You’re not supposed to seem vulnerable.”“Right…” Ember mutters. She idly twiddles her claws. Something is on her mind, surely. “Can I ask you something?”“Yeah, anything,” you smile.“What is a… kiss, like?”Your eyes go wide, and you fall into a coughing fit. That is not a question you’d expected to hear from the Dragon Lord. After regaining your composure, you speak quietly. “I’ll tell you, but only if you answer a question for me first.”“If I must,” she nods, a little smile present on her lips.“Why aren’t you called the Dragon ‘Lady’?”“Tradition,” she answers, immediately back to her regal self as she begins to explain. “The Dragon Lands have had hundreds of leaders, some male and some female. The title has nothing to do with our sex, it’s just a title meant to display power. I think you’d agree that ‘lord’ has more power to it than ‘lady’.”“Yeah, that’s true,” you nod. Your gaze falls down to the floor, and you now find yourself twiddling your thumbs. “Now, I guess I owe you an answer as well…”“Don’t bother.”Curiosity gets the best of you and you decide to look back at Ember, just to see why she’s had a sudden change of heart. “What do you m–”Your breath is taken away, replaced by the warmth of the Dragon Lord’s lips, which are now firmly planted upon your own. On any other day, you might have screamed and ran away, but honestly… you were afraid of upsetting her more. Surprisingly, her lips are soft, a sensation you aren’t against.It feels like forever before her lips pop free of yours, a thin strand of saliva hanging between them. Your heart is pounding out of your chest. She doesn’t seem to care, though, and just smirks.“Hm. Not bad.”Throwing caution to the wind, you throw yourself backwards, nearly knocking Ember off the bed in the process. “What the fuck was that?!”The dragoness takes a moment to right herself, and you’re shocked to see that she doesn’t even look upset. “What?” She shrugs. “I didn’t think you would be able to explain what a kiss is like through words.”“What, and that book you spent so much time reading didn’t help?” She gives a little waggle of the hand. “Eh.”“Yeah, well…” you trail off, treading carefully over your next words. You can’t help but look over her body once more, taking in her curves. You hate yourself for it, but you’ve gotta admit Ember is actually kinda hot. Still… “You shouldn’t kiss someone without asking first.”The Dragon lord’s hands fly to her hips. “Are you saying you didn’t like it?”“Uh…” Well, damn. She’s definitely got you there. “Look, that’s not the point. There’s a little thing called ‘consent’.”“And would you have ‘consented’ to me kissing you, had I asked?” she prods you.“Again, not the point,” you deflect her question. “It doesn’t matter how pretty you may or may not be. If you did that to a pony, it would be a huge thing.”Ember shrugs. “Well, good thing you’re not a pony then. So it doesn't really matter, does it?” “Oh, piss off,” you reply. “Look, that kiss definitely wasn’t the worst thing in the world, just… ask next time?”Ember groans to go along with a roll of her eyes. “Ugh, I suppose.” Suddenly, her demeanor changes to more match your own shocked look. “N-not that I’m going to be asking you again,” she finishes off with a blush.“Sure you aren’t.” Your sardonic reply doesn’t fall on deaf ears, as you suddenly find yourself jabbed in the side by her tail. “Ow!” You rub at the spot she had pricked. “What was that for?”“For assuming that I’m into you,” Ember sticks her tongue out at you.“Well, I mean… you did kiss me,” you shrug. “But if you say so.”“And so what if I am?” Ember rambles on, seemingly ignoring your retort. “I’m the Dragon Lord. I make the rules. It’s not a crime to like someone that isn’t a dragon. It’s not a crime to find the only human on the planet attractive. And it’s certainly not a crime to take what’s mine,” she finishes, staring you down steadfast, lust evident in her glossed over eyes.“Wait, wh—”Your breath is taken away as the Dragon Lord lunges at you, knocking you onto your back as her lips connect with yours. Any struggle you could have put up is quashed as her hands pin yours down to the bed. With no means to resist, and her snake-like tongue seeking its way to your mouth, you make your decision and there’s no going back.Fuck it…You grant her tongue entrance, meeting it with your own. You can sense Ember’s surprise as her body trembles slightly, her once-firm grasp on your hands weakening. Taking advantage of what mobility you have, you resolve to wrap your arms around the dragoness and pull her tighter to yourself.“Mmm…” Ember moans, sinking further into your body. Your right eye pops open as you feel something slithering under your back, only to see that her tail is beginning to entwine itself around your body, once again removing your option to leave.Not that you would have anyways. Once all the cards were on the table, it was all too easy for Ember to call your bluff.And it feels oh so good…You’re not sure how, but you manage to gather enough strength to turn the tides on the dragon, deftly flipping over onto your stomach with Ember now pinned below you. Shock is evident on her face as she finally pulls away from you, bringing your second kiss to a close.“You do find me ‘cute’, don’t you?” She grins.“In a ‘dang, she’s pretty cute for an angry dragon’ kinda way.” You shoot back an even larger grin, though it quickly evaporates as you feel something prodding at the front of your jeans. Peering down, you spy her tail, still wrapped around your body, trying its hardest to pull your clothing off. “Uh… it has a zipper,” you advise her. “But… are you sure you want to do this?”“The Dragon Lord always knows what she wants,” Ember replies, craning her head up next to yours. You don’t have a chance to reply as you feel her teeth clamp down ever so slightly on your earlobe. The sensation forces an involuntary moan from you, earning a purr of satisfaction from the dragoness. From there, her tail makes quick work of your pants, ripping them off and tossing them to the floor as she continues to nibble on your ear.The sudden sensation of her tail running over the front of your boxers is more than you can bear, and you force her back down before locking your lips against hers. All the while, her tail continues its ministrations, causing your member to swell up. Ember takes notice, shooting you a grin.“Pent up, are we?” She mewls. You sense that she gets some satisfaction from putting you in this situation, something that further proves evident as she continues. “It must be hard, not having any way of finding release in this world.”Normally, you’d offer up a witty remark, but something about the compromising situation you’ve found yourself in keeps you from speaking up. At least for now.“I’m sure you’ve longed for a moment like this…” She murmurs, her tail forcing its way through the flap in your boxers. The nimble appendage runs across your shaft, and you let out a little pant. Fuck, she knows just what to say and do to get under your skin. “All you have to do is let loose, and you can finally have the release you’ve been longing for…”“You know what, Ember?”She raises an eyebrow at you. “What?”“Shut up and let me fuck you.”“Heh, that’s more like it…” she smirks. The sound of fabric ripping resounds through the room, and you find yourself looking back to where the action is going to take place.Your swollen member flops down onto her belly as she rips your boxers off completely, a thin strand of pre oozing forth from it. It’s at this moment that you look back down and finally notice her nether regions. Your eyes widen as you can feel the heat emanating from her folds.“I’ve never done this before,” she says, drawing your attention back to her face. A light blush permeates her cheeks, yet somehow, she looks as resolute as ever. “Forget ‘foreplay’,” she no doubt quotes the book she’d been reading up on, “I just want you inside of me.”You could have said a lot of things in response to that. Maybe something sensual? Or even something funny, to ease the tension a bit? Instead, you settle on something so stupid that even you aren’t sure why you asked it.“It’s the Winter Solstice, isn’t it?”“Well, duh,” Ember responds, moving her hand to take hold of your erection. Her smooth scales work quickly to coax your dick into reaching its full length in no time, the sensation not unlike a snake slithering across your skin. As she begins to tug on you, you can’t help but find yourself looking back down. The sight alone is enough to cause more pre to well up on the tip. “Well… are you ready?”“As ready as I’ll ever be,” you answer in earnest, your body simply aching for release at this point. Ember does her best to guide you towards her waiting folds, and you thrust forward as you make contact with them. She’s slicker than you expected, causing you to miss your target and simply slide your dick over her labia.Redoubling your efforts, you guide yourself to her entrance and finally sink into her waiting depths. Both of you moan as the sensation washes over you, and you lock your lips back over hers. The heat she’s pumping out works wonders on you, and she’s definitely tighter than you expected. After only a couple inches, you find it difficult to ease into her. You retract ever so slowly, something that you can feel Ember protesting. Just as you’re about to free yourself, you thrust back down, eliciting a cute moan from her as she gives you a few more inches.It’s not enough, though. You want all of her.Your next thrust is enough to shake the bed, and Ember forces her tongue back into your waiting mouth, an action you find yourself eager to reciprocate. As your tongue mingles with hers, you finally feel your thighs meet hers on your next thrust.Ember ends your kiss, gazing at you with eyes full of lust. “Take me…”You do just that, beginning to pump in and out of her with earnest, her molten hot insides trying their best to keep you inside all the while. Ember wraps her arms around  you, and you find yourself speeding up. You know you’re not going to last. It’s been too long since you’ve had release. Still, you find yourself wanting to make her feel good.Your eyes lock with hers, every little whimper and moan making you fall for this damn dragon even more. Just seeing the subtle reactions on her face are enough for you, and you find yourself content to just watch her. Every little thrust elicits a tiny wince from her, and her tongue lolls out of her mouth. On a particularly hard thrust, her eyes shoot open and she blushes as you stare her down.You’d expected her to be much more domineering, but as you find yourself drawing closer to the edge, you’re glad she let you take the lead.The more you speed up, the more you can feel her own body tense up. You know she’s nearing her own edge, and something in you really wants to help guide her over it. Using her now-hot chest, you push backwards and brace yourself with your knees. Grabbing her by her sides, you continue thrusting into her at an even wilder pace.With nothing else left to grasp, her claws clench on the bed-sheets as her back begins to arch upwards. She’s freely moaning by this point, and you’re eager to draw more out of her as you make her yours. Every slap of flesh serves only to turn you on even further, and you find yourself overcome with a want to use her, just as she used your feelings against you.“M-more…” Ember manages to whimper through her moans.You’re all too happy to oblige. You grab one of her legs and stretch it upwards, wrapping your arms around it as you pound her with everything you have, sending both of you careening towards your breaking point. Through all of this, one thing is clear, and you make sure she knows it.“You’re mine,” you growl through gritted teeth, releasing her leg and letting it flop back to the bed.You feel her tighten around you, and her body tenses up as she lets out a labored moan at your words. Her climax works well to coax you towards your own, and you feel that ever-present coil in your body beginning to tighten, ready to explode. You only last a few more thrusts before everything goes white and the dam inside of you bursts.You lean forward, you lips crashing into hers as you flood her insides, and she returns your kiss, pulling you closer as her body does its best to take everything you have to give. After a few more pulses, you find yourself ending the kiss.Through your heavy panting, you can only manage to say one thing.“Holy fuck…”The warmth of the quilt covering you is blissful, but it’s nothing compared to the heat being put out by the dragoness laying next to you. Sex with a dragon certainly wasn’t something you’d expected to be having when you fell into Equestria, but now that it happened, you definitely aren’t going to complain.You feel a shuffling under the sheets, and turn to see Ember awake, laying on her side and staring right back at you. Realization seems to spread across her face in the form of a heated blush, and she struggles to speak.“S-so, uh, about last night…”You smirk. “Pretty good, right?”Ember bites her lip, turning her head away to avoid your stare. You spy her peeking from the corner of her eye, though. “Y-yeah. For my first time, at least.”Your heart plants itself firmly in your throat. “Oh god. I, uh, I was your… first?”“Mhm,” she nods, turning back to face you. Her voice is markedly quieter than usual. “Father always warned me about sharing my first time with a dragon.”“Isn’t he a, you know, dragon?” You ask, eyebrow raising.“Well duh,” Ember replies, rolling her eyes. “But he’s still my dad. His views on girls might not be the greatest, but he cares about me.”“Sounds like a better dad than most dragons would be,” you chuckle. “But if you’re worrying about me doing something to hurt you, I won’t.”That earns you a slight smile from Ember. “Thank you. I, uh, didn’t expect things to go as far as they did last night.”“Do you regret it?”“You know,” Ember sits up a little, the covers sliding off of both of you a bit as she does, “I really thought that I would. But… not really. You might be a bit of a ‘smart-ass’ or whatever you call it, but Spike was right.”Confusion spreads through you. Spike had talked to her about you? Well duh, of course he had. But about something like this?“What did he say?” You ask.“He told me that he could always count on you. That even if you’re mad at him, you’ll still come through to help him,” Ember explained.“Well, I can’t argue with that,” you reply. “We’ve had our fights, but I’d die for my bro.”“... Would you die for me?” Ember asks.You hesitate. That’s not the response you had expected, for sure. Thinking about it, though, you were certain about one thing. “Yeah. I would.”Ember smiles.“You did what!?”“Yeah,” you answer, sporting a huge grin. A stupid, happy grin. You lean back in your chair. “It was pretty damn good, too.”“You know, normally I’d give you a high five out of respect, but this is huge,” Spike replies, leaning forward in his own. “Do you have any idea what you’ve done?”You shrug. “Had sex with a dragon?”“You had sex with the Dragon Lord,” he corrects you. “Did you not read the book Twilight gave you?”“Gonna have to be more specific,” you say.Spike smacks a claw to his face, dragging it down comically and drawing a chuckle from you. “Dude, the book that’s all about dragon culture?”“Oh, right,” you nod. “I leafed through it a bit, but I figured I’d learn more by actually being here.”“Oh, you’re gonna be learning a lot real soon,” Spike retorts. The young drake hops down from his seat, and waltzes over to Ember’s expansive bookshelf. Twilight must have taught him well, because it only takes him a few seconds seconds before he grabs the book in question, tossing it over to you.You catch it clumsily. “Uh, so what am I supposed to do with this?”“Flip to chapter twelve,” your buddy advises you, “and read the first paragraph.”With a huff of your breath, you do as Spike tells you and open the book, reading through the table of contents. Once you locate chapter twelve, you quickly make your way there.“‘Chapter Twelve: Dragon Mating Habits’,” you recite the title aloud and chuckle. “I think I know a bit about this now, Spike.”“Why don’t you go ahead and read that first paragraph out loud then?” Spike smirks.With a quick shake of your head, you oblige. As you read, though, you can practically feel your heart beginning to drop.“‘When a new Dragon Lord is chosen, they will typically spend their first few months deciding on a potential mate. Once a partner is chosen, they will go through what dragons call the ‘Four Rites’. These rites of passage are meant to test a dragon’s strength, courage, and honor. Survival is not a guarantee.’You lower the book down, staring at Spike. “...”“I tried to warn you, bro.”“... Maybe she won’t make me do those rites,” you laugh nervously, pulling at the neck of your shirt. “Is it hot in here? It feels so hot.”“Alright, just calm down man. Look, we’ll figure a way out of this,” Spike says. “For now, promise me you won’t do what you did again.”“I promise.”You gulp. Hopefully you can find that way out.Weakness was one thing. But your absolute inability to stop yourself from being with Ember was something else entirely.The dragoness pants below you as you straddle her. “God damn it, I just can’t stop myself,” you say.“That’s for the best,” Ember breathily replies, reaching between your legs to grab hold of your shaft. Her claws burn so good, sending a pulse of pleasure throughout your body as you grow harder. “After all, you wouldn’t be so mean as to deprive me of your thick cock,” she asks, using her thumb to rub your tip, spreading precum across the head. “Would you?”You shudder. “W-wouldn’t dream of it.”“Good,” Ember says, repositioning her claw to grasp at the base of your shaft. Ever so slowly, she runs it upward. “Not that you’d really have a say in the matter. We both know you wouldn’t resist.”Her ministrations begin to pick up in speed, and you find yourself thrusting aimlessly towards her. One of your hands extends to the top of her head, holding you in place. “F-fuck.”“I’m sure you’ll do fine with the Four Rites,” she says, finally addressing what was on both of your minds.“W-what do I have to do?” You ask, gasping a little as she tightens her grasp.“We’ll discuss that later,” she says, then smirks.Keeping her claw firmly planted to the bottom of your member, she cranes her neck forward to give the head a teasing lick. It sends tingles through you, and you wordlessly beg for more with a little thrust. Ember is happy to oblige, guiding your dick to the opening of her mouth. Pleasure jolts through you as she wraps her lips around it.Pace is thrown out the window as she quickly begins bobbing her head up and down, all the while running her snake-like tongue up and around the shaft. It’s all you can do not to blow your load right there. But you’re not planning on letting this end that quickly. Deciding to make the most of a fucked up situation, you pull yourself back, getting free from her mouth with a ‘pop’. Before Ember can say anything, you forcefully push her back and shuffle yourself backwards, lining your cock up with her entrance.“What are you do— Ah~!” Ember cries out, clutching the sheets as you slip inside her effortlessly. If you were pent up last time, you were like an out of control freight train this time around. “F-fuck!” She cries out as you slide to the hilt.“Just shut up and let me fuck you,” you say, grabbing her thighs to hold yourself steady. You begin to pump in and out with fervor, bed shaking beneath you two. Ember’s back arches upwards, her claws ripping at the quilt beneath you. Still, you don’t relent your assault. The wet slaps of your thighs meeting again and again drives you further. As her back falls back down, your fingers dig into her plump thighs, eliciting a squeal of delight from the dragoness.You feel her tighten around you, her folds heating up as she cums around you. It draws you closer to your own finish, but you’re not satisfied yet. With renewed determination, and a primal want to please your new partner, you grab her legs and push them upwards until her knees are inches from her face. Ember seems to know what you want, wrapping her arms through the crook under her knees and holding them in place.Your hands find their way to her abdomen, and you grasp it as tightly as you can before going back to work. Ember’s eyes roll back as your cock slams into her G-spot relentlessly. This new position also does more to squeeze at you, and you find yourself inching ever closer towards release.You use the opportunity to reach a hand back to where the action is going on. You extend your thumb, running it across the little clit peeking out. Ember whines, and you love it. Applying a little more force, you do circles on the nub, all the while still keeping up your onslaught below.With a cry, Ember peaks again. Her pussy does everything in its power to milk you dry, and you struggle to hold back. Still, you manage to continue your thrusts long enough to coax her into her third orgasm. Finally, the intense heat and pressure becomes too much to bear. With one final, powerful thrust, you go as deep as you can go and explode. Rope after rope of searing hot cum paints her inner walls, drawing a heated moan from her. It feels like you’re going to drain yourself entirely once the flow finally comes to a stop. A mixture of your fluids begins to leak out, and you finally manage to pull yourself free of her confines. Ember’s arms fall down, her legs crashing back to the bed around you. You share a look of satisfaction with her.“We should do this more often.”“Try… every… day,” she pants out.You could get used to this."Hey, Twilight, are you done with that book?" you ask, walking into Twilight’s reading room. Many of the castle’s rooms have been converted into a makeshift library by hollowing out the crystalline walls into shelves, but Twilight has claimed this one for herself, turning it into her personal chamber of repose.Off to the far side, Twilight's curled up in her "comfy chair," as she calls it. A plush, luxurious armchair with swirling designs she uses for pleasure reading. A crystal desk and chair (the “study chair”) sit across the room with random beanbag chairs scattered about."Yup!" Twilight closes the book with a clack. "Only forty-two left to go!" she chirps. She waves her hand and, with a giggle, a series of book stacks levitate over until they surround her like paper monoliths. "I've really let myself fall behind on new releases this month."You can't help but groan. You like reading as much as the next guy—it's how you and Twilight met after all—but this was ridiculous. With a wave of a delicate finger, she floats a book from the pile open into her lap."You're free to join me, you know,” she asks playfully, looking up at you with those pretty purple eyes and fluttering her lashes.Sweet Celestia."Ooh! We can even take turns and do the funny voices. There were some pretty trashy romance novels around here somewhere.” Twilight twists and turns around, getting onto her knees to search, unintentionally giving you a view of her wiggling rear. “Rarity donated them.” She clucks her tongue. “I mean, I love her, but sometimes I question her taste in literature, if you can even call them that. I’ve never read as much concentrated drivel in my life until I decided to thumb through those.”"Errr, I'm not really in the mood to read right now,” you say.“Oh.” She turns around with a pout, but it swiftly turns into a curious expression.“Honestly, I was hoping we could... y'know..." You roll a hand."'Y'know' what?" She mimics the gesture.You lean onto the table in front of her and stare at the ceiling for a few moments. "You know, bump uglies. The horizontal tango. Uh, um... makin' bacon?” You grimace. “Eeeuugh, forget that last one. Actually just forget I said any of that. I just wanted to know if you were in the mood... to..." You look back at Twilight. You blink.She's reading.You slap the table. "Oh come on!"Twilight snaps the book closed and looks up with a sheepish smile. "Eheheh, w-what did you say again? I just peeked at the first page, and well... it had a really captivating opening.""I swear, you're obsessed with reading,” you say, crossing your arms. You love her, but sometimes she frustrates the hell out of you.At the same time though, you know how hard her job can be. Between saving Equestria every fifteen minutes, dealing with Ponyville’s bullshit of the week, and having her back murdered from hunching over piles of paperwork, you're shocked at how much free time she actually does manage to squeeze out.Still, it isn't enough for one to sink their teeth into a good book, and that you can sympathize with.Sighing, you move next to the chair and lean down pulling her into a brief kiss. Twilight hums in contentment.“Alright, how about we make this into a wager of some sort,” you say as you break away.Twilight serves you a sidelong glance. “A bet?” she asks.“Yeah. You have to concentrate on reading; if you can read a whole book you win. But if you, say, uh... give me a blowjob I win. Yeah, that works. If you take my cock into your mouth at any moment I win. Either way it’s a win-win! How’s that?"Her eyes roll, though she smirks and taps her chin. “And how do you plan on doing that, hun?”You shrug. “Masculine charm?” A smirk. There was a chance of sexytimes here and that was better than nothing.Twilight giggles. Putting the book down, she gets up and crosses her arms. "Fine. You're on. I bet I could read... hm..." She spins around and magically sorts through the shelves, eventually picking out a random Daring Do book. "...this one right here without submitting.""Wait, really?" you ask. You aren't really complaining, but you don't expect her to play ball so easily. You're planning to bust out the shoulder massage-fu too."What, thinking of chickening out?" Twilight shoots back, grinning.You snort. "Winner gets to have the other act out a fantasy of their choice for a weekend.""Deal." She extends her hand and you take it into a firm shake. It’s set then.“And you know...” You sidle next to her and tap her with your elbow. “It’d be a lot more fun if we were both naked,” you say, eyebrows wiggling.“Hmm. Fine. But you first.” Twilight flops back into her chair, crossing her shapely legs. "Well, what are you waiting for? Strip for me, big boy."Rolling your eyes at Twilight's corny choice of words, you undress, starting with your t-shirt. As you do, a stupid idea comes to mind.Instead of merely whipping your clothes off, you finger the bottom of your shirt and lift it up and over with deliberate slowness. Eventually the article is heaved over your head and tossed to the side.To an invisible beat, you start to shuffle in front of her and hook your fingers into the straps of your jeans, wiggling them off. Admittedly, you feel incredibly stupid doing this, but Twilight seems to be enjoying it from her increasing amounts of giggles."Heheh, what in Celestia's name are you doing?" she asks between breaths as you start playing with the waistband of your boxer-briefs and thrusting your hips like a jackhammer on crack."W-well, you said strip so I figured I'd channel my inner male stripper."With one final hip thrust, you finally pull off your underwear and awkwardly peel off your socks, tossing them into the pile. You stand there in all of your naked glory, blushing slightly. Her laughter subsides, morphing into a purr as her eyes run up and down your body."I certainly appreciate the effort." She hums. "Though, people are right.""About?""Us. Heheh, truly neither one of us can dance."You blow a raspberry. “Yeah, yeah. Alright, your turn.”She gets up from the chair and grabs your hand. "Here, take a seat." After pushing you into the chair she asks, "Comfy?"You wiggle around and get cozy, spreading your legs and giving her a good view. Your dick throbs in anticipation of what's about to come. "Yeah."Twilight stands in front of you, as beautiful as ever. Instead of trying to dance, she goes for a rather stationary, though no less arousing, striptease. Her fingers play with the hem of her skirt, briefly lifting it up and flashing you a hint of her cutie mark before trailing up her body, slowly coming to a stop at the top-most button of her shirt."Oh yeah," you mutter as her fingers undo the first button, which doesn't reveal much and only leaves you wanting more.The second button comes free, and now you can see the top of her bra; something lacy and black with the barest hint of cleavage in the center."Enjoying the show?" she asks as the third button comes loose, now giving you a full view of her breasts. They were perfect: not too small and not too big, but perfectly sized for someone (a.k.a. you) to grab a handful and play with.Twilight's finger slips to the fourth button, but before it can slip free she turns around. She tosses a knowing grin over her shoulder."You tease," you say as your cock twitches."Guilty as charged.” After a few moments she undoes the fourth button on her shirt and, head turned towards you, slides the shirt down, letting it rest for a moment halfway down her back and exposing her shoulders. A beat. Twilight unceremoniously lets the garment drop to the floor.Your eyes roam over Twilight’s hair as it shimmers underneath the crystalline lights, cascading down the smooth skin of her bare back like a dark purple waterfall, pink streak blazing. The sight of it leaves you breathless, but what she says next almost makes you choke.“For this next part, I’m going to need some... audience participation.” Her voice takes on a sultry tone. With one hand on her hip, she spins and sashays right up to you, taking a moment to lean down to plant a quick peck upon your lips.“This skirt’s a bit too constricting at the moment,” she whispers into your ear, sending a delightful series of shivers down your spine. “Mind helping me take it off?”Before you can reply, Twilight lifts up one leg onto the armrest, clad in dark thigh-highs, exposing a slightly damp pair of lacy black panties fit with purple trim. You can’t help but shiver as she leans forwards and takes your hand into her own, placing it onto her shin and guiding it up, up, up her leg.You’re torn between watching your hand slowly, achingly trail up her leg, gliding up the smooth skin, and watching her moderate amount of cleavage compacted between the matching black/purple bra. You dig your hand into the armrest in an attempt to stop yourself from rippping off the rest of her clothing right there. It was times like this, when the bookish nerd took a backseat, that reminded you that Twilight could be a veritable goddess when she wanted to.Eventually the cold feel of metal greets your fingers. You look up at Twilight—she winks. With that you slide the zipper down and toss the article away into the rest of the pile, exposing her shapely thighs.“Thank you, and for my next magic trick...” Twilight turns and takes one step forward. Hand back on her hip, Twilight spins around and snaps her fingers. Mid-spin, her undergarments fade away in a purple shimmer, even the clothing spread around the floor. The thigh-highs were kept on though.Twilight stands in front of you in all of her naked glory. One of her hands lay over on her hip, just above the sexy six-pointed star stamped to her ass. She cups one of her breasts, hard nipple caught between the fingers, lifting it up before letting it drop, the perky flesh bouncing back into place. A small patch of trimmed violet hairs rests above her mound.“Ta-da!” Twilight spreads both arms wide.“So, how was that?"You’re speechless. You clap and remember how to breath again. “That was... pretty dang awesome.”"And I'll take that as a standing ovation, heehee." Twilight giggles, pointing at your rock-hard erection. “I knew Striptease 101 would come in handy... eventually.” She licks her lips. "Alright, alright, now it's time for the game to begin."You nod, smirking, and give the chair back to Twilight. "Cute underwear by the way. Pretty naughty for a pretty princess."She flops into the chair, breasts jiggling slightly, and takes up the Daring Do book in her grasp. Flipping through the pages, she says, "Judging by the page size, page count, and average reading level—not to mention Yearling's fetish for illustrations—I calculate I'll be able to read this in about forty-five minutes, give or take."With that said, Twilight turns to page one and reads aloud. "It was hot and humid in the jungle, and the bullet in my side wasn't helping..."As she begins to read, you move to the side of the chair. You begin to slowly stroke yourself off, eyes devouring every inch of her slender body, cockhead a handful of inches away from Twilight’s face.Every now and then Twilight’s eyes would flick between reading and eyeing your dick. A small, gooey bead of pre oozes from your tip. Twilight notices, watching it ever so slowly roll down your head before falling onto the armrest.Twilight pauses to lick her lips, visibly.“Like what you see?” you say, giving it a shake.“Huh?” Twilight breaks out of her trance and growls, turning back to the book. “It’s gonna take a lot more than that, hmph.” She completes the next line of the book with a smug grin.Fair enough. You’ve still got some ideas up your sleeve, and besides, it’d be a crime if the game was up that fast.For now, though, you idly stroke yourself off, letting the minutes tick by and Twilight read on, waiting for just the right moment.You aren't exactly a fan of the Daring Do books; you find them a bit too generic for your tastes. However, Twilight has roped you into quite a few reading (and roleplaying) sessions to get a good idea of how they worked, and there's always a bit where Daring gets captured before busting out and saving the day. That's when you’ll spring your trap.It might take a little while to reach that point, though. Thinking back to a video you watched long ago, you have the perfect idea for the meantime.“I’ll be right back,” you say, slipping out of the room. You aren't worried about walking around the castle naked; Starlight and Spike are both away in Canterlot and Twilight’s schedule is clear of appointments. Aside from an odd visit from one of Twilight’s friends, you're safe to walk around butt naked.At last, you make it to Twilight’s bedroom. It only takes a few minutes to grab what you're looking for; a small pink egg shaped vibrator attached to a small remote with different speed settings.With a wicked grin, you make your way back to the reading room. You re-enter with your hands behind your back, vibrator hidden from view.Twilight looks up, squints, then shrugs and resumes reading.As you approach the front of the chair it sounds as though Daring Do has hit a bit of trouble. Perfect timing. You crouch down in front of Twilight’s crossed legs, one arm on the chair for balance and the other still behind you.Twilight lowers the book with a bemused expression. “And what are you planning?”“It’s a secret to everybody.” You wink. “Would you mind uncrossing your legs, Twi?”She rolls her eyes, complying. “Fine, be cryptic. I’m sure I’ll find out in a second. I’ll even keep reading, just to keep it a surprise.” While she kept a small patch of hair above her pussy, the actual area around her vagina was kept cleanly shaven, giving you an unrestricted view of Twilight’s pink pussy.With Twilight distracted by the book, you bring out the vibrator and trace it up and down her pussy lips, making her coo as you move the contraption against her moistening rosebud before sticking it in. You tap the remote to the lowest setting, just fast enough to be annoyingly, noticeably pleasurable. It whizzes to life, causing Twilight to moan.You stand back and admire your handiwork. Twilight shudders and squirms, legs crossed in an attempt to get more out of the toy. Her hips buck forward by themselves, trying to press against something that isn't there.“Mmmmff. No fair!” Twilight says as you move back to your original spot beside the chair."Technically, it is fair game. The only rule was about having my dick in your mouth, remember?”“D-damn,” Twilight mumbles. For several moments Twilight sits there, acclimating to the vibrator. With a shaky exhale, she finally says, “A-alright, phew. I can deal with this.”With a growl, Twilight continues reading, fighting through the pleasure. It's cute, but all for naught. Daring Do is about to be captured and bound. Illustrations weren't Yearling's only fetish, after all.“You seem a bit tense there, honey,” you say, moving behind the chair.“I’m fine.” She pauses, then continues reading. “I limped out of the cave, smile upon my face as I admired the golden idol in my hand. The moment was short lived, however, as something heavy crashed against my skull and I blacked out.”“Perhaps you could use a nice shoulder massage.” You crack your knuckles before beginning to massage Twilight’s upper back, thumbs rolling between her shoulder blades in small circles. She lets out a small moan.“W-when I awoke, I found myself in a dark, dingy room, propped up on my knees against a stone wall. The air was musty with a bit of tartness, like an old wine cellar.”You lean forward to nibble and kiss her collarbone, laying lavishing little love licks up and down. Twilight shudders beneath you. “Seems like Daring’s in a bit of a bind... so powerless, helpless. I bet you wish that was you...” you whisper into her ear between love bites.“A wad of cloth was stuffed in my mouth, and try as I might it wouldn’t come out. Th-thick bundles of r-rope dug into my wrists, keeping my hands tied behind my back. Another set—sweet Celestia, don’t stop! Mmmf... A-another set wrapped around my a-ankles making it impossible to move.”You figure that by this point you should stop teasing her to give her some much needed relief.Pulling away from her neck, you shift position to the front of her chair and gently remove the vibrator, shutting if off and tossing it aside. Twilight whines in frustration, but it quickly turns into a moan as you trace one long, teasing lick up the length of her soaking slit, grabbing her by the legs and pulling them over your shoulders in the process.You lap at her leaking rosebud with vigor while your hands grope and massage her upper thighs and taut ass cheeks. Your favorite spot to play around with by far was the sensitive flesh of her cutie marks, and you make sure to give them extra attention."Hnng!" Twilight drops the book to the floor and moans loudly as your tongue probes deeper into her depths. Her folds are positively soaked now, and the sweet taste spurs you on further. Eager for more, you take your right hand away from her cutie mark and decide to add your digits into the mix.Her legs close around your head as you wrap your lips around her clit, rapidly flicking your tongue over the sensitive nub and drilling into her pussy proper with your middle finger. Like a furnace, her insides are roasting. You pump into her smooth inner walls with gusto.She can hardly contain herself. You glance up to see her face flush, one hand holding onto the back of the chair while the other snakes its way to the back of your head and forces you deeper; you're all too happy to comply. And then she begins to gyrate her hips, frantically grinding herself over your face.It doesn't take long for Twilight to reach her limit. "O-ooooooooh!" Suddenly she's screaming to the heavens and her vaginal walls attempt to clamp down on your finger.A flood of hot tangy girlcum assaults your tastebuds. You help her along by lapping up as much of it as possible, slowing your licks to ginger swipes over her outer lips and inner thighs. Despite this, you can still feel some of it dribble down your chin and neck.Finally, her legs go limp. After a few moments of gently nuzzling her thighs, you climb up into the chair and pull Twilight, basking in the afterglow, into a kiss. She hums as your tongues playfully brush against each other, and no doubt she's able to taste herself, a fact which turns you on immensely.It's Twilight who breaks the kiss first, pulling away with a mixture of saliva and cum briefly connecting you."Sweet Celestia." She kisses you again, a quick peck. "Have I ever told you how glad I am for that brain fart you had when we went book shopping last month?"You laugh at the memory of that day and the long, subsequent night. "Ha, and I wanted to study cunning linguists." Then you groan as she starts planting kisses over your chin, her tongue swiping over her own juices. You can feel your rod stand at full mast again. Her little licks and nips continue over your neck. A quick nibble over the jugular, a swipe over the collarbone here and there.This could be your chance."L-lower," you grunt, gently guiding her head lower and lower—Twilight grabs your wrist, whipping straight up. "Uh-uh." She throws your hand into your chest and leans back into the chair. "I...” She takes a breath. “I gotta admit, you almost had me. Almost being the keyword there. But I still have a book to finish and a bet to win.""Dang." You frown as Twilight gets up from the chair and bends over to grab the novel.Despite her calm exterior, you know that Twilight's as horny as ever—she's just better at hiding it. You glance down at your dick, then past it to the soaked couch cushion. Another idea springs to mind."It's a bit cramped up here, don't you think? Perhaps you should just sit on my lap while you read?" A shit-eating grin leaps upon your face.She giggles and brushes back a sweaty bang. "Sure. Just try not to be too distracting this time, okay?" Looking over her shoulder, Twilight gives her ass a slap before lowering herself down.You groan as her soft skins rubs against yours. She sits on your lap, legs spread over your knees, your dick resting between her thighs. "Comfy," she quips, and you can't help but think the same. A sudden warmth envelops your balls before dissipating. "Twenty-four hour sterilization spell, juuuust in case."Good thinking on Twilight's part, but that's not quite what you had in mind.For now, though, you're content to sit back and relax while she gets back to where she left off. Ahuizotl or whatever his name was has just come in to monologue at Daring Do.She keeps a steady pace as your hands roam over her soft, supple skin, starting at her hips and trailing upwards over her luscious curves. Twilight's breathing quickens as you trail over the curvature of her breasts, playing with them like a kid in a candy store.This, of course, gives you the perfect opportunity to bury your nose into the crook of her neck again. You dive back onto her upper back and brush your lips over her neck and shoulders with the occasional lick at the earlobe coming into play. A mixture of lavender shampoo and sweat greets you, tickling your senses as you assault her in a flurry of kisses.But you want something more now. Your cock is aching and you're desperate for some relief at this point.So you place your hands back on her hips and lick your lips. With slow movements you thrust your shaft upwards over the hot outer lips of her pussy over and over again, careful not to actually penetrate her."Mhmmm... ooh." Twilight moans, closing her legs together, sandwiching your dick between her thighs. "Yeah, t-that's lovely."The silky smooth skin of her thighs glides up and down your cock and, combined with the warm wetness of her pussy, drives you nuts. This was better than you thought it would be. As you thigh-fuck her, one of your hands starts playing with her breasts again, gently squeezing them, and you softly bite into her collarbone.It was about at this point that Twilight promptly stopped giving a fuck about the book, the bet, and probably everything else and succumbed to her own hormones. "Mmnnf! Faster!" She tosses the book away and starts to rock her hips in hypnotizing circular motions, using the armrests for leverage."Nnnfg! Intercrural sex!" She extends a finger, sending squeezing pulses of magic over your cock and pushing it further against her folds. "A f-form of sex that u-u-usually involves rubbing the penis be-between the thighs!" Twilight moans as your tip brushes against her clit. "Found in Albol's Kinks and Fetishes You May Not Know, Volume Two. I didn't know you were into th-this!"Twilight's such a damn nerd, even during sex. It's adorable. But truth be told, you just think it'd be a fun way to tease her. You're definitely going to keep this move in mind for the future though."But—" She snaps her fingers and the next thing you know she's bent in front of the chair, wiggling her rump and standing on the tips of her toes, chewing her lip. "—now it's time for something completely different. Fuck me."You don't need to be told twice. When a princess of Equestria issues you a command, you obey.Gripping her hips, you line yourself up, taking a moment to slide your tip against her folds, causing her to whimper and wriggle her hips. Then with one smooth motion you push into her. Her drenched lips part with ease, taking your cock into it’s snug depths The two of you gasp together, Twilight’s arms struggle to keep herself upright as you bottom out.You take a moment to take it all in—the way Twilight’s pussy squeezes and massages your rod, the plush softness of her ass as you grasp it firmly, her small shudders of delight.You pull out, all the way to the tip, and sit there for a moment.Twilight whimpers. “C’mo—oh!” With a growl, you slam back into her, balls slapping against her clit with a wet, squelchy slap.Twilight moans sharply. As you start to settle into a rhythm of long, powerful thrusts, her tongue lolls out of her mouth. The smell of sex is heavy in the air and the front half of Twilight's chair is drenched in her own fluids. A small part of your mind wonders if magic will even be able to remove it."Deeper!" she screams, and you’re pretty sure even Princess Celestia can hear it. As you amp up your thrusts, she starts to get into it herself. Her hips roll back and meet you in the middle. Eventually the two of you manage to fall into a good rhythm.Twilight’s upper body arches up into your chest and one of her arms hooks around your head as your lips meet in a passionate kiss. Her tongue slips into your mouth and you’re taken back by just how aggressive she is. It darts around every inch of your mouth, every valley and crevice, before honing in on your own and viciously attacking it like a snake.You recover and launch a counterattack, launching your tongue forward. They meet and dance against one another in a lurid tango.You continue to fuck Twilight senseless for a few more minutes, her moans having turned into incoherent babbling at this point. All good things come to an end eventually, though, and the telltale signs of your orgasm approach. As Twilight's love canal massages your cock, you feel a pressure building up to its bursting point."Twi! I-I'm close!" you say, starting to lose rhythm.You expect Twilight to want it inside, but to your surprise Twilight rockets off your cock with a wet pop and spins around onto her knees, milking you vigorously with both hands for a nice tasty load.Between the signals of mind-numbing pleasure coursing through you, you're vaguely aware of the proximity of Twilight's mouth to your tip. Her mouth is open, tongue out. All it would take is one thrust and you'd win the bet.Before you can even start that internal debate, Twilight answers it for you. She jams herself down your cock, engulfing nearly three quarters of it down the warm confines of her throat, nearly gagging, hands groping your balls, and sending you over the edge.As soon as she feels your dick convulse she pulls away. "That's right, cum for your princess!" Your breaths turn ragged and you throw your head back as the first rope of cum jets out and showers over her, followed by a second, a third, and a fourth.Several moments later, when you can finally think straight, you look down to admire your handiwork; gooey globs of cum hang from Twilight’s hair, face, and breasts. Some of it even hit the chair. Twilight leans back against the armchair with a dreamy expression on her face.The afterglow washes over you and you flop down right next to her. Taking one of her breasts into your hand, you lean over and give it a loving tongue bath while your other hand rubs at Twilight’s pussy in an effort to help her achieve her own orgasm. The salty taste of your own semen washes over your tongue, but you don't mind. You figure it's only fair you return the favor considering how much Twilight’s probably tasted herself.Besides, Twilight loves it. She breaks out of her trance and shudders as you work your tongue over her boobs and rub her clit, another orgasm wracking her senses and causing her legs to shake and her toes to curl.Once it's over, she falls into your side, taking the time to catch her breath. You wrap your arm around her and do the same."You know, we should probably go get cleaned up before somebody walks in on us," Twilight says a few minutes later. "But honestly? I don't feel like doing a damn thing right now." She snuggles closer.You nod in agreement. “Goddess, I feel so thirsty. How about you?”She smacks her lips. “Oh yeah, definitely.” You attempt to get up but Twilight stops you with a hand on your shoulder. “Allow me.” She snaps her fingers, teleporting two bottles of ice-cold water into her grasp.“Oh.” You take one, unscrew the cap, and take a generous gulp. “Ahh, that hits the spot. But I have to wonder, why don’t you just teleport yourself water every time instead of having me grab it?“It’s a special moment right now, you goof,” she says, capping her bottle and putting it aside. “Besides, I like looking at your butt when you get up.”"Mhm." You have to agree there. “This poor chair. I’m not even sure magic’ll be able to get it back to normal.”Twilight playfully punches your shoulder. “It’s not that bad,” she says, and both of you laugh. Once it’s over you stay there, cuddling in silence."You know... you kinda lost control back there..." you say.Twilight groans."Yeah, yeah. You win," she says, not sounding upset in the slightest. "Maybe I could use some more concentration lessons in the future."You laugh and pull her close, feeling yourself nod off into a blissful sleep. “Oh I’m sure that can be arranged.”It was Hearth’s Warming Eve, but yet another bitter cold night on the streets of Canterlot. The sun had just set over the horizon, while the moon had already risen up over the city. The weather was clear, the stars twinkled against the black blanket of night as the full moon shone brightly. With your hands in your pockets, and hood of your jacket up over your head. You make your way down though the slightly snowy, cobblestone streets.The little ponies around you chatted merrily amongst themselves as you walked by them. Some sitting on door steps, some walking down the street, and some had taken to singing carols. Lights and tinsel decorated homes and businesses alike, some had even little bits of mistletoe hanging above the door. All of the Hearth's Warming festivities would normally bring a smile to your face, as it reminded you of Christmas back home.But this year... This week was different. Sure, you made a few friends and most ponies were friendly to you. But sometimes you’d come across a pony that utterly defied the “Magic of Friendship,” or whatever. The princess had told you some of the Canterlot nobles would be like that, especially after recent events in Equestria.These recent events were like a mystery. Almost every pony refused to talk about it. Even the ones that did, didn’t really explain it very well. All you could gather is that right as you were dropped in Equestria, something really bad happened. But whatever it was, it seemed to be fixed. With, as you’ve come to understand, the “Magic of Friendship.” Honestly, it seemed like an excuse to not have to explain anything to you.But you digress. As you turn down an alleyway, you see the little neon sign that shines brightly in the night. It was like a signal for your second home, seeing it always brought a smile to your face. Moxies bar. You remember back to the first night you spent in this bar. The owner Moxie, was a older mare, probably in her mid forties but didn’t show it. Her fur was a deep maroon, while she had a black and white mane. Her green eyes and friendly, motherly demeanor helped you make it through the first month.As you push the door open, soft music can be heard from inside the bar. Walking down the few steps onto the main floor shows that the place is empty, aside from Moxie. The room itself is mostly dark, a few booths sit on the left side of the room. A few tables with stools dot the space between them and the bar. The bar itself is a not that big, but the wood is dark and shiny as the day it was installed. Hundreds of bottles of liquor dotted the wall behind the bar while a few kegs of beer sat just off to the side. As you step onto the main floor, you notice a mare sitting on a stool at the bar.The maroon coloured mare met eyes with you, giving off a smile. Her cheeks are slightly tinged pink, a bottle of booze sitting beside her. “Didn’t you have the night off? Couldn’t resist stopping by to see little ol me?” She asks playfully while you make your way across the room and behind the bar.A sweet, spicy apple smell wafts from her glass. “Sweet Apple Acres Reserve? This is some expensive stuff Moxie.” You point out as you pick the bottle up from the wooden bartop. Moxie can only giggle a little bit, attempting to take another sip from her glass.“It’s Hearth's Warming Eve, it’s a… A special time of the year!” Moxie looks at you with a grin on her muzzle before tipping her glass up, and downing the rest of the liquor. Slamming the now empty glass back onto the counter with a hard clunk, she cracks her neck and lays half on the bar. “So, you never did tell me why you’re here.” With a wiggle of her eyebrows, and a giggle from her you can’t help but chuckle.“I figured as it is Hearth’s Warming Eve. Maybe I could work the rest of the night for you? You should go and spend time with your friends and family.” You notice the grin on her muzzle instantly fade away. “It’s only for a couple hours, I’ll close up just before midnight.”Moxie is hesitant, lifting her upper body up and off the bar. “A-are you sure sweetie?” As her green eyes dart between both of yours, her lips turn up a little. “Fine, I guess I could go to the party Pine Burst is throwing. Thanks a bunch.” With a quick movement she pulls you into an awkward hug across the bar. “Oh! Before I forget, there’s a gift for you in the back room. Don’t forget it!”With no hesitation she hops down, swaying slightly before she starts to walk out. “Make sure you shut off all the taps before you leave, and lock the door this time. Don’t need some random ponies coming in for a free drink again.” A flush of embarrassment comes across you. Your first night closing up, you forgot to lock the darn door. Now while most ponies are honest and law abiding citizens; a squad of drunk bat ponies found their way inside and drank till they all passed out.Chuckling a bit, you wave her off as she starts to clamber the stairs. “I will Moxie, have a great night.” A few moments later, the door opens and closes behind her. Then silence. It’s a weird change of pace from a normal night, normally there’s at least a few ponies in the bar. But tonight it’s just you.Glancing up at the clock behind you, the time reads nine forty three. That leaves you with a few hours left before you can close up and go home. Might as well do some cleaning. Making your way into the back room, you open the door to the cleaning closet. Grabbing a few cleaning solutions, you fill a bucket with warm water and make your way back out; grabbing a broom along the way.The floor takes little time to sweep, evidence of just how slow it had been that day. So you set to washing the bartop down, when a little bell rings thought the bar. Hoof steps thud dully against the wooden stairs as a pony comes down into the bar. “A-are you open?” You hear the mare speak softly, almost unsure of herself. “I could really use a drink.”“Yeah, we’re open. Come on in, I’ll get you something.” You put the bucket down on the sink in the back and begin to wash your now dirty hands.You hear her walk across the room, and take a seat right in front of you. Quickly drying your hands, you turn and get your first look at the mare. Instantly you realize, you’ve never seen her in your life.She’s bigger than most ponies, her eyes are level with yours when she’s sitting on the bar stool. The opal orbs stare at you curiously. Her coat is a light purple, well taken care off with a bit of chest fluff. Her mane is rose coloured while getting lighter towards the tip in a mohawk. Her body is lean but curvy, a black skin-tight suit hugs her flanks leaving nothing to the imagination.But what is most striking about her is her horn. Or you should say what’s left of it. It looked like it was broken off long ago, but still seemed pretty jagged.With a short cough from her, your eyes once again meet her’s. They looked a little angry until she gazed back at you. Then, they almost seemed as if they wanted to stare at you as well. It was then that you notice that there was a scar trailing over her right eye.“Sorry miss, what uh… What can I get for you?” Your mouth moves to avoid offending her, you silently curse yourself for staring at her for so long.The mare’s cheeks turn a slightly lighter purple and she smiles a bit. “Just something simple will be fine, as long as it’s strong. Oh, and my name is… Umm, Tempest.” The unicorn says softly, blushing a bit as you start preparing her drink.Keeping to her request, you make a simple mix of tequila and orange juice. When you first met Moxie, you couldn’t mix a drink to save your life. But after a couple months of bartending school, along with a year or so behind the counter. Your skills were undeniable. Ponies loved nothing more then to watch your hands move as you perfectly mixed and served drinks.It garnered a lot of tips too. Loading the cocktail mixer with the tequila and some crushed ice, you start to mix. Just a simple shaking starts it off before you pop the lid and drop it. Tempest’s eyes go wide as they follow the container, your other hand moving up to catch it on your palm. While she was distracted, you flip up the juice container and start pouring the mix.Three seconds is all it takes before you replace the lid to start shaking. With both hands now on it, you shake it hard and fast before giving it a toss into the air. Turning around, you catch it behind your back upside down. She gasps a bit as you use two fingers to flip it onto the counter.“Oh wow!” Tempest exclaims, a twinkle present in her eyes. Turning back, you use a thumb and finger, to set the container into a spin before grabbing a glass that you place onto the counter. With the metal bottle now nearing the edge, you time it right and hit the end as it comes over the edge. PING!The top flies off as the bottle somersaults into the air where your hand is waiting to grab it. Gravity takes over and the mixed drink pours out, right down into the glass. With Tempest’s drink poured and not a drop spilled, you gently push it towards her.“Bottoms up.”Tempest doesn't move, her eyes dart from the glass to your face with her jaw almost on the bartop. After a few seconds, she closes her mouth and lifts the glass to her lips. Taking a sip, Tempest’s eyes light up in delight. “Oh wow, this is amazing!”Those eyes once again meet yours. As you stare deep into the depths of those opal eyes, you can see there were many sorrows in them. But in the middle, you seen a light that spread as a smile spread across her muzzle.You continued to make light conversation with Tempest, her drink slowly getting empty before you’d quickly refill it. The more she drank, the more she seemed to open up; and the more she talked the more you felt for her. She told you what happened to her as a foal, how she grew up an outcast. She told you what she did for the Storm King, how she hurt ponies to only help herself. But she saw the error in her ways, two wrongs never make a right. After that, she started asking about your like, your story.The way Tempest looked at you while you told your story, made you weak. Her alluring eyes blinked slowly, while her lips moved as she nibbled on them… You immediately push the thoughts that creeped into your head, right back where they came from. You struggle to keep your eyes off her, when she tips back and downs the rest in her glass.She just finished her third, placing the glass back onto the bar. “Why aren’t you drinking too?” Tempest suddenly asks, not really much of a question but more as an observation.You merely shrug. “I’m on the clock, no drinks allowed.”With a light shove of her hoof on your shoulder, she huffs. “It’s Hearth’s Warming Eve! You should… You should drink too!”She flails her empty glass in front of your face, the smell of the booze instantly filling your nose. You glance up at the clock. It’s almost eleven! Time to close up shop. “I’d love to Tempest, but it’s closing time.”She instantly pouts. “But… But… I need another drink!” Reaching over the counter, she pushes the empty glass against your cheek.This happens a few times, all the while her eyes enlarge and start to water. You let out a sigh, almost stopping a smile to come. “Fine, but you’re gonna have to come back to my place then.”It was like you flipped a light switch in her that made her flush instantly. The glass falls as she sputters. “W-what did you just say?”“I said, if you want more drinks. You’re going to have to come back to my place tonight. I even got something, special.” Thankfully, the glass survived the fall. You take it and turn around to give her time to think. “I-I mean, if you want to.” Internally you facepalm. I’m so going to get in shit for this. Should have just kept my mouth sh-“Sure.”Her voice is quiet, almost playful. Quickly turning back towards the unicorn, you see she’s smiling. “I’ll go. We are friends now, are we not?” Tempest playfully says, a smug smirk adorned on her muzzle.With your heart beating in your chest, you merely nod. “Then get ready, ‘cuz I am.” With a tilt of her head, she sticks her tongue out at you.Fuck shes cute… You quickly get to closing up, thankfully Moxie had done pretty much all the work for you all ready. All you do is put the cleaning supplies back into the closet. Grabbing your jacket from the back room you notice a bottle all wrapped up, sitting on the counter.Gently picking it up, you read the tag. From Moxie,Thanks for everything you do here sweetie. This is just a little something I picked up a long time ago. I hope you enjoy it! Happy Hearth’s Warming!~ XOXOYou can’t help but smile. “Thanks Moxie.” Walking from the back room, Tempest sits patiently for you. Once she sees you, she gets to her hooves as you come from behind the bar. “Ready to go Tempest?”As you both leave, making sure the door is locked behind you, her eyes trail to the bottle in your hand. “Whatcha got there? More, feel-good-juice?” Tempest sways a bit, but she keeps her balance.Letting out a chuckle, your eyes look over the wrapped bottle. “Something special from my boss, no idea what brand it is though.” Light snow falls, Tempest has a scarf wrapped tightly around her neck while you make sure your jacket is tight.After walking through the snowy streets for a few minutes, you notice Tempest watching you intently. “You know. You’re pretty nice.” The smile she gives you, starts a warm feeling inside you.Turning the corner onto your street, you notice that the two of you are alone. “Thanks Tempest. You’re a good mare too.” Climbing the few stone steps to the front door, you fumble with the keys before unlocking the door. “Come on in.” Flicking on the low lights, you motion towards the living room. “It’s not much, but it does the job.”As the two of you step inside, you hang your jacket up and head to the kitchen to grab a few glasses. Unwarping the bottle, you carefully read the label. “Canterlot Classic.” You read the year and… This thing is fifty years old. A delicious mix of rum and secret spices, with a hint of cinnamon. “Gonna have to thank Moxie properly for this.” You say to yourself before heading back into the living room.Once you’re there, you see Tempest is already waiting with a fire started in the pit. You sit down and pour two drinks. Lifting her own in her hoof, Tempest brings it to yours. “To new friendships.” Toasting with her, you both take the first shot together. “Mmm, this is good.” Like many times that night, your eyes met hers.But this time, she seems apprehensive. “Listen…” The unicorn starts, rubbing a shoulder with her hoof. “I’ve been meaning to talk to you. For a long time honestly. I’ve always admired you from afar.” Tempest is blushing brightly now. You listen intently while pouring another drink. She immediately takes it and downs it.“Now that I’ve gotten the chance to talk to you finally…” Taking a few moments to calm her breath, she scoots a bit closer. “From what I’ve seen tonight, you’re a great guy. You haven't judged me, you never looked at me like I was a broken pony.” With your second drink down, you start to notice how hot it’s getting in the room.“You’re not a broken pony, you’re just different. A good different.” Pulling on your shirt to try and cool yourself off didn’t do much. “It’s kinda hot in here isn’t it? Here let me-” She cuts you off by placing her soft hoof on your cheek, pulling your gaze to hers.“I need you... Please for the love of Faust take me. I haven’t had the touch of a stallion in years.” Tempest nips your neck softly, her lips caress your skin making you shiver. Your body screams at you to do this, you need it just as much as she does. Life hasn’t been easy on either of you. But first... Looking down at the bottle, you quickly put it to your lips and take a few mouthfuls.The burning sensation cascaded down your throat as Tempest kisses your throat hard. Putting the bottle back down, hormones rage and you look down on the unicorn. She’s panting hard, her left hind leg twitches a few times as your hand trails down her side and grabs her flank.You waste no time and lock lips with her. She’s surprised but soon pushes back into the kiss. Her tongue slips out and battles with yours, her hooves grip your shoulders tightly as you gently push her back onto the couch.Pulling back to catch your breath, you gaze down at Tempest. She’s also panting, her forelegs are tucked to her chest and you’re right between her back legs. God her body is hot... Her chest fluff peeks overtop her suit, raising and falling with each intake of air. Going down further, you can see the outline of her teats. They’re huge for pony standards, mounds of flesh are bound tightly by her suit.Soon you find your hands find themselves on her chest, running your fingers through her chest tuft. “Mmmm…. Can’t even keep your hands off me hm?” She hums in delight as you dig the tips of your fingers into her chest. They find a small zipper and you immediately start pulling it down. Tempest seems hesitant, but keeps quiet as more of her body is revealed to your eyes.Her slim tummy comes into view, a tightness makes itself known in your pants as you reach just above her teats. You stop there, leaning down you kiss her neck. The unicorns body shivers as your kisses trail down. Her chest fluff tickles your face as you inhale her scent. As you’ve come to find out, everypony has a unique scent.She smells like cherry pop-rocks, making your mouth almost water as you keep going south. Your lips find her tummy, placing a few kisses there before finding the zipper again. Gently using your teeth, you pull it down over her mounds. As they come into view, you can’t help but shift a bit as your cheeks burn hotly.They’re big, round, and jiggle slightly from being released from their tight prison. Her nipples are a dark purple, standing tall and proud atop the furry mounds. Wasting no time you take one into your mouth. Your lips wrap around the hard nipple, gently sucking at it. “Oh buck….” Tempest’s hoof finds its way to the back of your head, gently rubbing your hand in encouragement.Using your left hand, you start to knead her other teat, losing yourself in the enjoyment of being buried between her teats. With your right hand, you trail down her body and find a wet spot on her suit. “You’re wet.” You murmur while switching nipples, using your thumb to gently rub her soaking marehood.The purple pony shudders, her marehood winks in the confines of her suit. “Just take the bucking thing off and touch me!” She almost screams at you, her back arching as you yank her suit to her hips. As Tempest wiggles to try and get them off her, you grin as another idea comes to mind. You grab the wet spot on the suit with both hands and pull apart. It offers little resistance as it tears, revealing her glistening mound.The pink insides peek out each time she winks, her large clit almost taunting you each time it comes out. “You’re… You’re  really beautiful Tempest.” She doesn't even get a chance to respond before you lean down and kiss her lower lips. The pony cries out in pleasure as your tongue laps at her fluids. The taste is divine, filling your senses as you dive deeper inside her.“Shit!” Tempest can only grip the couch tightly as your tongue explores her depths. “I-I’m not going to last long!” Her body trembles as her clit winks more and more. Your eyes lock onto the pink nub as it vibrates before she arches her back. Moving quickly, you spread her lips and take her clit between your lips.Sucking for all your worth, you keep the nub from ratracing. “AH~!” Tempest bites down on her foreleg to keep herself from screaming. Her whole body randomly trembles as her hips buck. Pulling off her clit with one last hard suck, you open your mouth wide and place it over her hole. A squirt of marejuice shoots right onto your tongue, the taste spreads just as the next spurt comes.After only a few ropes of marecum, you swallow all that was in your mouth. She tastes like candy. Sitting back up, you look at the quivering mess that is Tempest. A dopey smile is on her face, her eyes looking down at the bulge in your pants. The flicks a hoof at you. “Take… Off…”With no time to lose, you strip quickly. Shirt, pants and socks come flying off onto the floor leaving you standing in your underwear with a very large tent in them. Tempest’s eyes lock onto it and she gasps. You suddenly feel very self-conscious as she looks at your manhood. “It’s… Huge.”Suddenly she shoots up and nuzzles your crotch, your bulge eastly rests across her face, almost up to her horn. “And warm.” Tempest licks the base before grabbing your hips with both hooves and pulls your underwear clean off. “Now sit, and let me repay the favour.” Giving you the bedroom eyes, you don’t say anything and sit on the edge of the couch.Now with your crotch below her face, she goes almost cross eyed looking at the tip. As a bit of precum starts to leak out, she laps it with her tongue. The sensation is almost mind numbing. Her wide flat tongue bathes your head and shaft in her saliva, her eyes never leave yours as you watch her talented work.Tempest seems to enjoy you watching her, a forehoof is already between her legs rubbing before she takes the tip into her muzzle. There is no more teasing, no more games as she starts to suck. You almost can’t believe it! Just a few hours ago, you figured tonight would be a boring night. But here you were, with a sexy mare between your legs. Hoofing herself off while she gave you a blow job.A tightness around the tip of your cock snaps you from your thoughts. Tempest fight’s her gag reflex, trying to bury your entire length inside her mouth. “Mmm! Mmpfh!” She grunts in frustration, only adding to the pleasure. Then with a deep breath, she pushes hard and in it goes. Her lips touch your base, your dick is now deep inside her throat. You feel her tongue drag along the bottom of your shaft, just teasing the orbs that sit beneath.Now she really sucks. Trying desperately to coax your warm load from you. Tempest pulls back occasionally to get her breath, running her tongue up and down the bottom of your shaft. “Come on.” She hazially says, stroking your length with a hoof against her soft cheek. As you both feel the end approaching, she uses both hooves to stroke your length as you grip the couch tightly. “Cum on my face… Dear Faust cum on my face.”With the horny little pony pumping for all she’s worth, it takes little time before the first blast erupts from the tip. The first strand shoots across her forehead, just shy of her mane. The second goes the other way, across her nose and her eyebrow. She opens her mouth for the rest. Strand after strand of cum spurt across her lips and mouth, her tongue cupping the head of your dick as you ejaculate harder than you ever have before.When you come off the high, you look down at her as best you can. She plays with your load in her mouth, rolling it around before parting her violet lips. The whiteness stands out against her pink tongue, you made quite a mess of her. The unicorns lips close, and she dramatically swallows a few time before showing you it was all gone. “Holy fuck Tempest…” You can’t help but say breathlessly as she nuzzles your rod.“Happy Hearth’s Warming.” She coos while setting to clean you. “But I hope you’re ready for round two.” The pony crawls up into your lap and smiles. You feel the wet streak of her pussy as it brushes against your leg before sitting on your stomach. “And please.” She lifts her rear up and places your tip against her lips. “Call me Fizzlepop.” Letting herself fall, she impales herself on your dick. “My name is Fizzlepop B-Berrytwist!” The unicorn cries out in pleasure as your cock speared her insides.Your hands grab her hips, lifting the pony up and you let her slam back down. “F-fuck…” She’s tight. So tight it almost hurts as you keep the rhythm. Lifting her up and letting her go back down. Fizzlepop’s horn sparks a bit, her forelegs holding onto your shoulders for support as she starts to fuck you. Her flanks tense each time she goes up and down, starting to pick up speed. “Hold on.”She whines as you stop her, her quivering insides squeeze your penis rhythmically, trying in vain to get herself off. You stand up and go right to the wall. You rest her back against as her hindlegs get put up over your shoulders. Then you thrust.The results are immediate. “B-buck!” A warm fluid seeps past the seal between the both of you. “Buck me hard. Cum inside me, please.” She softly begs, nuzzling deep into your neck. Grabbing her a little tighter, you don’t hold back at all. Pounding Fizzlepop for all she’s worth. She cries, groans and squeaks in pleasure as each thrust prods her deepest barrier.Even after just cumming no more than five minutes ago, you can already feel another one looming closer and closer. Her walls clench on your shaft, a silky smooth sensation rubbing from all sides edges you to the finish.This mare… She’s awesome. The way her body is angled, gives you the perfect angle to get as deep as you can inside her pussy. Wet noises emanate from your thrusts, only adding to the naughtiness of your sex.It takes little time for that feeling to well up inside you again, but you don’t hold back. If anything, you push harder and fuck her with all you have. The wall creaks but all you’re focused on is her. Her eyes look up into yours, a burning passion seems to shine from their depths. You lean in and kiss her, right on the lips.Giving a final thrust, you ejaculate deep inside her. Your semen squirts inside her, filling any empty space inside her pussy as she also reaches her peak. Holding each other close through orgasm is the best feeling you’ve ever had. But all good things must come to an end, your cock soften and slips from her lips with a slurp.The two of you pant, looking deep into each others eyes once more. Fizzlepop looks up and giggles weakly, making your gaze follow hers. A mistletoe hangs just above your heads in the archway. Fizzlepop hugs you tightly, closing her eyes before taking a deep breath. “You’re a really awesome guy you know that? I’d be crazy to let you go so… Uh… You wanna go out sometime?”You sit back down on the couch with the pony in your arms, a huge grin coming onto your face. “Sure Fizzie, that sounds good to me. Happy Hearth’s Warming.” The clock strikes midnight as you start to fall asleep, the warm mare in your arms snuggles into you as the fire burns to coal and ash.~*~“I said, stop staring at me like that,” Lyra says again, narrowing her eyes at you.You are sitting across from her and a pony you’ve just met, who you swear looks like she’s made of toothpaste, at a small cafe. And you know it’s rude to stare, but something has gotten into you today. You just can’t seem to stop noticing… pony noses. They’re so small, they wiggle just a little when the ponies eat or take a sip of their teas, and they look velvety soft. And somehow… they’re just so inviting.You never touched a horse’s nose back on earth, but you’d heard people talk about how fuzzy and nice their muzzles were. These noses are much smaller, and much cuter, but you have a feeling that touching one would be like caressing crushed velvet.Except, you don’t want to caress them. No. You want to take your index finger, put it right against the middle, and give it a little push.In you, you can feel a growing need to boop that pony snoot.“Sorry,” you say to Lyra, not sorry at all. “You just look nice today, that’s all.”The blush that spreads across her face is absolutely lovely. You feel a warmth in your heart at seeing it… and your crotch. Damn these adorable sexy little horses.“Er… thanks,” she says haltingly. “But you’re really staring me down here so… is there something on your mind?”You hesitate. Lyra has been your friend for a while now, but asking to poke her nose is still a little invasive. Ponies also seem pretty sensitive about their noses, and you've never even seen another pony touch someone's nose before. They'd probably think it's super weird, but you don't know until you ask, you suppose. At last, you can’t take it any longer.“Er,” you say slowly. “I was wondering… would it be okay if I… like… booped your nose?”There’s a chill in the air. The whole cafe feels like it goes silent for a moment, and you have a sense of the whole day getting heavier around you. Across the table from you, the toothpaste pony holds her hooves to her face, and her eyes get very wide. Lyra goes deathly pale, then a slow deep red begins to spread up her face from her neck. It’s not so adorable this time.“A-a-anon!” she stammers out, almost in a cry. Then, she lowers her voice into almost a hiss and leans across the table to you. “Oh my Celestia, Anon, you can not just go around asking to boop pony noses!”“Ah, okay… why not?”Lyra makes a noise like someone trying to breathe while guzzling soup at the same time.“B-because that’s super not okay! That’s a private matter!”You blink. Nose boops are private?“That makes like zero sense.”“It makes perfect sense!” she yell-whispers. “You know what boops do!”Again, you blink, then slowly shake your head. Another light show of colors erupts across Lyra’s face.“Don’t lie!” she snaps.“I’m not!” you say, holding up your hands in defense. “What does it do?”“Well if you really don’t know, maybe it’s for the best,” she says, crossing her front legs and looking away from you sharply. “I’m not going to be the one to tell you. Now can we just drop it?”You most certainly cannot drop it. Before, you just wanted to boop pony noses for fun, but now? Now they’re forbidden fruit. Now they’re a mystery, a tantalizing curiosity that you simply must satisfy.Your friend Lyra is too far away to use as your test subject. The toothpaste pony is still barely out of arm’s reach too. So who is close by enough? You scan the area, and see Berry Punch, a rather adorable town drunk, wandering towards the cafe. Probably coming to get some coffee as a pick-me-up after a late night of drinking, you’d guess. That means she’ll be groggy, unsteady on her feet. She’s the perfect target.Lyra is saying something about bodily autonomy, but you aren’t listening anymore. Your sights are set on Berry. As she approaches, you rise out of your seat, standing back from the walkway as if to let her by. She looks up at you and smiles slightly, gratefully, and you take in that perfect, unbooped face for just one moment longer. Then your arm begins to move. Lyra realizes, way too late, what you’re about to do, and cries out to you.“Anon! STOP!” She screams. “Berry, ru-”She never gets to finish the word.Your index finger comes down firmly and precisely, right in the center of Berry’s nose, pressing inward. You sense a tingling rush in your nethers at how perfectly soft that nose is, and how delicately furry, more pleasant to touch than even a freshly-skinned rabbit pelt. The way it crinkles easily in is so satisfying. As the final touch, you grin down at Berry, who has instantly gone crosseyed, and let loose a tiny announcement of your action.“BOOP!”Everything that happens next seems to occur all at once, and you’re helpless to do anything but watch.Berry’s mouth opens in surprise, then her cheeks go red, and her eyes roll back in her skull as if she is fainting. Her whole body quakes, starting with the nose, then all the way down her shoulders and flanks. Her knees go weak and collapse under her, and she tries to catch herself as she falls to the ground, barely staying in a sitting position on trembling hooves. From her mouth comes a thready, warbling moan of ecstasy and unexpected wanting, and you see her hindquarters convulse suddenly, as if she’s been shocked. Then, as you watch, a small spurt of liquid erupts from between her legs, and a minute gush of clear, slick fluid trickles across the walkway, shining in the morning sun.It all clicks right away. You understand now what happens when you boop ponies. Poking them on the nose causes them to spontaneously orgasm. And it is a glorious thing.You know what you must do.As Berry Punch looks up to you, still shaking and drooling from the unexpected sensation, you are grinning back like some sort of maniac. Your eyes glint as you turn from her used-up body, and look instead at your two cafe companions. Lyra is pale, standing by the table, but still not fast enough to flee from your grabbing hands. She lets loose a scream.“Anon, no! Don’t I…”You silence her with the touch of a finger.“BOOP!”A cry erupts from her mouth and she topples backwards, clutching at her privates. Her back legs quiver in an unseen rhythm as orgasmic juices flow down her thighs and rear onto the ground. She simply lies there on her back, neck arched, eyes shut and mouth open, as her body is wracked by the sweet, unwilling orgasm you have given her.Now the new girl.She’s been sitting, frozen in her chair, and you pounce on her without pause. You knock her back out of the chair onto the ground, and she gives a little cry of fear as you pin down her front hooves above her head. Her back feet kick uselessly against your thighs as you look down into her wide-eyed terrified face. Then, with your free hand, you delicately flick her little snout."BOOP!"She half whinnies, half whimpers, and a stream of thick, semi-transparent blue gel oozes from her pussy. You sniff in, and can smell the mintyness even without getting close to her cooch. She orgasms toothpaste, you knew it! You make a mental note to consider further the implications of eating out a mare who could potentially have teeth-whitening properties later. Right now, you have to do God's work and boop some fucking noses.At this point, the ponies in the cafe have gotten out of their chairs, and are running, screaming away from the scene. You throw back your head and emit a hearty laugh as you rise above the still thrashing toothpaste pony."I am Anon, giver of orgasms!" you bellow out, feeling the power of this moment surging through you.Then to seek out the nearest pony to grab, and get to booping. First is the tea pony who runs the cafe, coming out to check to see what the commotion is. As you boop her, a warm, pleasant aroma of silk oolong formosa wafts to your nostrils. As she slumps to the ground, pawing at her nethers, you step back, grinning down at her. Now that's one pony you definitely wouldn't mind eating out to start your morning. But, again, for another time. You turn from the cafe, cackling, and run down the street, reaching out to boop any pony nose within arm's distance. Lily, the flower mare, collapses across her bed of flowers in a dead faint. That one orange apple pony tries to give you a kick, but you side step and reduce her to a swearing, convulsing mess of apple-sauce spewing ecstasy on the ground. You're actually pretty sure that one purple alicorn you booped emitted sparks from her pussy as she screamed and collapsed onto her little dragon assistant, who may have been crushed under her weight, who knows, who cares. All you care about is the fact that you have the power to give spontaneous, uncontrollable orgasms, and no one can stop you.And your mom told you that you'd never please a woman. If only she could see you now.Your eyes catch an unexpected movement above, and you transfix onto Rainbow Dash. She's flying down towards you, still way out of reach, and you know that you simply must have her. She hasn't noticed the bodies of the spent ponies groaning and shaking on the ground in your wake, so you have to act fast. You look around for something to knock her out of the sky with, and your eyes fall upon a butterfly net that some unfortunate child has left on the ground. Deftly, you snatch it up, then wave at Dash to come on down.Unsuspecting, she flies down towards you, calling a hearty greeting. "Hey Anon, what's..."You watch as recognition dawns in her eyes at the sight of the other ponies, her friends, strewn out like autumn leaves on the street behind you. Perhaps she knows what is about to happen to her, perhaps not. All you know is that, for once, Rainbow Dash isn't fast enough. You pull out the butterfly net and snatch her out of the air. Apparently these nets are strong enough to hold pegasus, because she gives an indignant squawk and struggles futilely as you pull her wriggling into your arms. You make yet another note to invest in butterfly net stocks later, and hold your hand out in front of her face."Anon, I..." she protests, stuttering. You scarcely hear her. You will not be dissuaded. With a triumphant laugh, you poke her nose and look down expectantly."BOOP!"Rainbow Dash's whole body tenses, thrashing in a final moment of defiance, but the sensation is apparently too much for her. Her legs crush together, but not well enough to hide the beautiful river of perfect rainbow colors with dribbles out across her fur, to make a rainbow puddle on the ground. You drop her unceremoniously into the puddle of her own juices, where she gasps for breath and looks up at you, obviously furious but weak from sensory overload. You wink at her."Just having a dash of fun, Rainbow!" you shout jovially at her, than run chortling away. You spot a small crowd, trying to hide from you, and close on them in an instant. Laughing wildly, possessed by this urge to boop, you stab furiously into the crowd, listening to moans and whimpers as you occasionally find a target. Ponies wilt to the ground in their midst, shivering, writhing, groaning in unwilling desire. "BOOP!"A wavering cry."BOOP!"A shriek of ecstasy.You're turning right and left, barely seeing as you move, just feeling nose after nose under your fingertip. You hear cries of protest, but you don't stop, can't stop. Not until you've made every mare in Ponyville orgasm, not until..."I say, what's..."You spin, boop poised to deliver, and have just enough time to recognize your mistake. Recognize, but not stop it.There, below your already-moving hand, is the face of Fancy Pants who, contrary to the name, never wears any pants. He is looking up at you, indignant, even angry with you, and as your finger points at him, he focuses on it. You realize what you're about to do, and what that probably means, and know that this is not what you wanted to do with your day. That you've brought this on yourself. That this may be the gayest thing you have ever done in your life. But the attack is already away, there's no time to stop it. As his nose wrinkles at your touch, and you try to draw your hand back, you can't help gurgle out the word that's already flying to your lips."B-boop?"Fancy Pants topples backwards with a cry. All at once, his penis is out of its sheath, expanding with blinding speed to sizes that would make even porn stars self-conscious. As he moves backwards through the air, it stiffens, the end flaring out like a blooming rose, and its small opening directs itself at you. Like laser sighting, you look down the shaft and see the stallion's balls quake, and then the vibration moves up the dick towards the tip. You have just enough time to let out a scream... which, as it turns out, is also a mistake.Creamy splooge explodes from the tip of Fancy Pants' cock, shooting out like a super soaker. It impacts your face with the force of a water balloon, and you feel a sting as the goopy liquid splashes into your eyes. You try to shut your mouth, but it's already filled with the unfortunately unforgettable flavor of horse semen. The stream seems to go on and on forever, and you stumble back from the firehose like sensation of being face-blasted by this dapper aristocrat. You both topple away from each other, him moaning in joy, you clawing at your face like it's been covered in somehow living acid. You can practically feel all the tiny cartoon sperm wiggling against your skin. You scream and scream, until you at last have to breathe in, and even then you can taste in your lungs the pungent musk of horse jizz.At last, wiping his spunk from your eyes, you look up at Fancy Pants. He looks at you, obviously annoyed, and shakes his head slowly."Anon, what kind of stallion do you take me for!" he growls. "I demand you take me to dinner before we do such things. I am a gentleman after all."He stands and brushes off his suit coat. He places his monocle back in his eye, then turns to you once more, and shakes his head with a tsking noise. You can feel tears running down your face, mixing with his seed in a super salty mixture of shame. Then, all at once, he smiles at you. He even winks as he turns from you to continue on his way."Just remember Lad," he says as he saunters away from you. "Do things like that again, and you're bound to end up with more than egg on your face."-END-The morning sun filters through the many trees of Sweet Apple Acres, where you’re currently resting against the worn and weathered wheel of an old apple cart. Applejack would have your head on a barn door if she saw you “slacking off”, but you’ve been picking apples since sunrise, so she can politely go and drink some bleach if she has a problem with it. It’s not like you’re a disposable employee, after all. Your hands prove particularly useful at plucking the more stubborn apples, the ones that refuse to fall from bucking alone.You snort. Bucking. Where you come from, that word has something of a double meaning. Your attempt to explain it over dinner the previous night was met only with looks of disdain from the Apples. Well, bar Apple Bloom. She just giggled, and winked. God only knows what she gets up to with those little friends of hers when they’re alone in that treehouse.The relative silence of the orchard, broken only by the occasional chirp of a songbird, always sets your mind at ease. The relaxation was much needed, given the events that surrounding your arrival in Equestria. Your recollections are hazy at best. The one thing you know for sure is that returning home would be… difficult.That’s all Celestia had had to say on the matter, anyway.You’d countered with an acknowledgement; shoving your boot up her ass would also be “difficult,” but you’d gladly give it a go. She’d had a good chuckle at that, called her guards off from impaling you with their spears, then promptly sent you to the middle of buttfuck nowhere.Now you work for Apple Horse. She's a fair boss. A bit blunt at times, but you admire her honesty. Speaking of Apple Horse, you can just make out the large frame of her brother galloping like shit off a stick through the trees.“A plucky pegasus is proficient in peaking a pony’s posterior pleasure!” he bellows, with the articulate gracefulness of a town crier. You frown, watching as he gallops headlong into a tree.“Did Apple Bloom and her friends put something in your cider again?” you mutter, more to yourself than the frantic farm pony. Being the more stoic type, Big Mac isn’t usually much of a talker.Whilst such an impact to the skull would knock the average pony out cold, Big Mac merely bounces off the trunk, leaving quite a sizeable dent in the bark. You shake your head, getting to your feet and steadying the slightly dizzy stallion.“Make it stahp!” he yells, nearly peppering your face with horse saliva.Ugh. Gross. “Would you just calm down already? What happened?” you gingerly ask, taking a tactical step backwards out of the spray-zone.The stallion’s head swivels in the direction he came from, he points a big red forehoof at a mare a little ways behind him. “SHE HAPPENED!” he growls, his irises shrinking to the size of pinheads. “She put a spell on me! It was awful. Ah feel awful. Ah’ve a sickeningly strong urge comment on anything and everything. That’s a mighty fine shirt you’re wearing.”“Oh, thanks,” you reply, looking down at your plain grey work vest. It wasn’t much, but it’s always nice to get a compliment, after all.“Your tatty mess of a mane thoroughly ruins the ensemble, however-”“Now, hey-” you begin, self-consciously running a hand through your hair. It’s not your fault it spikes up at random angles when you’re working under the sun…The gentle tinkling sound of unicorn magic intervenes, and Big Mac’s maw snaps shut. With a muffled “harumph” and a loud nicker, he shoots the new arrival a filthy look, before swiftly stomping away with an air of having been thoroughly offended.His pursuer gives a dejected sigh, deftly pawing the ground in frustration. Her pristine coat, a pleasant shade of pink, shines with a light sheen of sweat from the chase. One of her large persian blue eyes is partly obscured by the fringe of her mane—a flowing mass of deepest purple, graced with a teal stripe running its entire length. Her tail, composed of the same palette, curls over her shapely rump as she looks at you, her eyelashes fluttering for a brief moment. In a word, this mare is hot. That much is not lost on even you. Of course—that must mean only one thing…As if on cue, her eyes open wide, irises shrinking. A huge grin splits her muzzle. “Hello! Will you be my friend?”You grin politely, trying to edge away from her as discreetly as humanly possible. It’s easy to tell this mare is a wild card. A loose cannon. Who knows what side of the Vicky Mendoza Diagonal she falls on? You certainly don’t. You’d rather not find out, either.“Err… hi,” you begin, not really sure what to say. Her bright and happy gaze bores into your very soul.She prances toward you, nuzzling her face into the palm of your hand, as though such an action is a completely normal thing to do. Whilst you had indeed gotten used to everypony’s seeming disregard for personal space, this is more than a little… forward. “You must be the human Twilight told me about,” she says.“Hehe… yeah,” you chuckle, making a mental note to slap the alicorn with a quesadilla at the next opportune moment.“Oh, but you’ll be perfect!” the mare exclaims, a small shower of teal sparks erupting from her horn, causing you to flinch. “So diverse. The Princesses will love you!” She trots around you in a circle, those large persian blue orbs devouring your form.“Um… What?” you stammer. You have a uneasy feeling in the pit of your stomach, and it ain’t last night’s apple cobbler.“Sorry, where are my manners? I’m Starlight Glimmer,” she says, brushing her side against your thigh and gazing up at you with the crazy eyes.The name is not entirely unfamiliar. You seem to recall Applejack mentioning this mare in passing a few times. Something about being a protege of Twilight’s? “Jack,” you say, awkwardly patting her on the back, more out of politeness than anything.“Well, Jack,” she purrs, fluttering her long, spiky eyelashes once more, “would you like to accompany me to dinner with the princesses?”You blink. Did she just invite you, a random stranger, to dinner? “I… um,” you begin, trying to figure out the best way to politely refuse. Unfortunately, her eyes shrink to the size of pinheads again. A tuft of her mane sticks out, and one of her ears starts twitching erratically.If you had to guess, you’d say you weren’t the first to be invited by her today. A further assumption of yours is that one more rejection could turn her into a pastel pony pint-sized slasher.“Why, yes, that sounds lovely,” you answer, before blanching in horror at your own words. Why would you say that? Of all the smart things to say at that moment, that was not one of them.“That’s wonderful!” Starlight exclaims, her horn glowing in triumph. No, not just her horn—her whole body is enveloped in a shimmering teal aura. She floats up off the ground, capturing your torso with her hooves and nuzzling your chest. “Twilight will be so pleased that I finally made a new friend!”“Heh… Yeah,” you say with a forced chuckle, gently patting the mare on the head and wondering what fresh hell awaits you.*   *   *You're wearing a tux. Yes, it wasn't enough that this crazy ass mare you just met dragged you into a dinner date with the Princess of Friendship and the all-powerful benevolent demi-god of the sun—she also made you sit through forty minutes of Rarity shoving her measuring tape where it had no business being.The fashionista has her talents, but having only worked with ponies, the clothes she insists on making for you every now and again aren’t exactly perfect. It’s not that you don’t appreciate her efforts—you’d just prefer not to look like a high school prom reject.“It’s wonderful that you decided to make friends with Jack! You have no idea how much I wanted to suggest it, but I wanted you to make your own friend, which you did!” Twilight spergs, her eyes shining like glimmering saucepan lids. Her gaze darts between the two of you like she wants nothing more than to force you both inside a Fedex box.You silently cringe at her enthusiasm. You love her, but god, does she struggle with subtlety. Even the decor of the dining room could do with toning down a bit. The life-size unicorn ice-sculpture keeps staring at you expectantly for one, not to mention the huge hoof-stitched banners of Celestia and Starlight that go all the way up to the ceiling. Sure, it makes sense for Sunbutt, but Starlight’s crazy eyes enlarged in tapestry form kinda make your skin crawl.“Oh, it was easy. We just click, y’know?” Starlight giggles, giving you a sultry wink. You blink, a frown darkening your features for a moment. Something about her mannerisms toward you suggests that this new “friendship” may not be entirely platonic.“Well I, for one, am certainly glad at how well you’re progressing with your studies,” Celestia comments, her freakishly long horn illuminating as she takes a bite of her salad. You couldn’t take your eyes off it the first time you met her. Seriously, that thing could probably skewer a pig all the way through. Or a human.You gulp down some apple juice from an ornate crystal goblet, avoiding Celestia’s gaze. Unfortunately, she notices.“Are you enjoying this evening, Jack? When last we spoke, it was not for long. I feel I could have made a better impression,” she says, looking upon you with attentiveness.You blink, taken aback by her concern. “What? No, no, it was fine. If anything, I could have, uhh… handled the situation a little better.” Yeah. Let’s go with that. Her royal guards had been itching to tear you a new one for calling their leader a “horse” when you’d first laid eyes on her. Apparently the term meant something akin to a street walker in Equestria.“Well, in any case, let this night be a chance for us to redeem ourselves,” she declares, levitating her own crystal goblet in the air. You hold up yours, clinking the two together before taking a swig. Celestia smiles, taking a sip of her own drink before continuing. “I must say, I’m glad you befriended Starlight. She is a very gifted young mare.”Your gaze finds the mare in question, sitting right by your side. She looked good when you met her, but she looks positively breathtaking now. She’s wearing a tiny teal dress made of silk, accented with just the right amount of silver lace as to not be lurid. It loosely covers her flanks and part of her tail, but is coat-tight around her midsection. Her mane appears silky and voluptuous, that unique fringe obscuring part of her face. A decorative silver filigree envelopes her horn, which glows with a magical aura the same colour as her dress.She sees you looking at her and gives you a half lidded smile that simultaneously sends a chill down your spine and a rush of blood to your loins. Wait… What? You frown. The former reaction makes sense, but the latter is just confusing. You aren’t turned on by ponies. There must be something in the apple juice. Probably Twilight’s doing.You stare at the Princess of Friendship. She smiles, chin resting on her forehooves as she stares right back at you and Starlight—through a set of major shipping goggles, by the looks of it. What did you do, you feathery little brainbox?“Starlight, why don’t you show Jack your kite collection?” Twilight suggests, breaking the temporary lull in conversation.You gasp involuntarily, and almost choke on a chunk of potato. She’s definitely up to something.“That’s a great idea!” Starlight beams, her crazy eyes locking onto you in an instant. “Are you finished, Jack?”You look down at the empty plate that was your vegetable salad. Your heart sinks. “Well, uhh…”CRACK!Before you can even enquire about dessert, the room implodes, air pressure spiking to unfathomable levels. Your vision blacks out, save for twinkling stars popping in and out of existence. You’re almost certain you can’t breathe. Less than a split second later, however, it’s over.Starlight is standing right there in front of you, her eyes scanning your face. “What the fuck?” you all but yell, your breath shallow, one hand clutching your chest. Did you just teleport?The dinner table is gone, along with the whole dining suite. You appear to have ended up in another room of the castle entirely, except this one is smaller, though has equally purple walls. You also notice you’re now sitting on a small wooden bed.“Eh heh… sorry. Maybe I should have warned you,” Starlight mumbles, her grin sheepish.“D’you think?” you gasp, you heart hammering a mile a minute. “Luna’s box! I thought you’d turned me into a pancake.”This gets a chuckle from her. “No, but that’s actually quite a simple spell-”“No!” you yell, pointing a finger at the unicorn. “I’ve seen more than enough horse magic today.”Starlight lets out a small gasp, taking a step back. Her eyes widen, all traces of her crazy persona vanishing in an instant. “I’m not… a…”You realise your mistake. “No, I didn’t mean whorse,” you begin, cursing yourself for forgetting the word’s interpretation in Equestria. Starlight doesn’t appear to be listening.“You don’t like me at all, do you?” she squeaks, tears already causing her makeup to run.“What? No… I mean, yes!” For all her quirks, she has a certain charm about her. You can’t help but wonder where the mare’s confidence has vanished to.She sits on her haunches, dejected, her dress ruffled beneath her rump. “Why do I suck at making friends?”“Look,” you say, sliding down to the floor. “You don’t suck at making friends. I’m still here, right?”“Only because I teleported you here,” Starlight hiccoughs.You smile. It’s as if all the crazy has morphed into cute. “Yeah, but I know how a door knob works.”You think you catch the barest hint of a smile, but you can’t be sure. “I’m sorry for bringing you here tonight. I… I just wanted to show Twilight I’m really trying. She’s done so much for me these past few months, even though everypony has been telling her I’m not worth it-” she sobs, mascara stained tears running down her cheeks.You blink, the recollection of a dinner conversation from a few moons ago surfacing to the forefront of your mind. “Brainwashed an entire town, she did, then nearly brought about the end of harmony as we know it through reckless manipulation of time. But Twahlight don’t care none. She says we gotta teach her the value of friendship.”You push your thoughts aside. You don’t know the details, nor do you want to. If Twilight has faith in her student, then so do you. You trust the alicorn’s judgement, after all. “Starlight, come here,” you sigh, holding out your arms.Starlight gives you a look of trepidation, as though trying to figure out if your intentions are sincere. Ultimately, she decides to trust you. Her horn flashes, and the dress she is wearing vanishes, along with her ruined makeup. Sitting down and leaning against your side, she lays her head on your shoulder. Without any conscious thought on your part, your arm snakes around her back, your fingers splaying in her silky coat.“I don’t really like dresses,” the mare quietly says.“I don’t really like tuxedos,” is your absent minded reply.“Well, why don’t you take it off?” she asks, her big inquisitive eyes surveying you.“Well, um…” you falter, realising she really has no idea of your preference to be clothed at all times in the presence of others. “I would, but the majority of humans aren’t exactly fans of being naked.”“Huh…” she says, bringing a hoof to her chin. Her horn flashes, and a small bottle pops into existence in front of the two of you. “Would vodka help?” She grins, her eyes positively glimmering with mischief.You frown. She has to be pulling your leg. “That’s not a thing.”“It is!” Starlight defends, her eyes fixed on the large kite shaped like a phoenix gliding high above the castle parapet, where the two of you are sitting beneath a cloudless evening sky. “My mom sent me to kite camp to make friends. Of course, the only thing I actually ended up making was a bunch of kites…”“Why, though? You’re a perfectly likeable pony. Well, when you’re not giving people the crazy eyes, that is. I bet you had at least one friend there,” you say, gazing at Starlight. You gently place a hand on her shoulder, and she looks at you with those big blue eyes.“Well, I wasn’t as good at controlling my magic back then. Some ponies were a little scared of me, I guess,” she replies, her eyes travelling down to your comforting touch. The wooden kite reel in her aura suddenly spins uncontrollably, until the phoenix it’s tethering breaks free altogether. “Aww, ponyfeathers,” Starlight mutters. Her horn flares, and both the kite and the reel disappear in a flash of her magic.She takes a swig of vodka, before sitting on her haunches at your side and offering you the bottle. You accept, sliding an arm around her and taking a swig yourself. “Just how powerful are you, if you don’t mind me asking?” you say, the alcohol dulling your senses. Your hand subconsciously makes its way to the small tuft of outcropped fur on her chest, your fingertips stroking through it. It takes a moment or two before you realise you’re kinda-sorta feeling her up. ...the fuck am I doing? you ponder, stilling your hand. You don’t want her to think you’re weird and grabby.If she does, she doesn’t show it. “Well, there’s a reason I’m Twilight’s student,” she says.“Yeah, I heard about the time you-” you begin, before catching yourself. You put the vodka bottle down, and gently nudge it away with your foot. Said foot really belongs in your mouth at this moment.Starlight lets out a sigh, her eyes finding her forehooves and her ears wilting. “Everypony has heard about that, and now every human,” she mutters, part of her mane falling over her cheek.Placing a couple of fingers under her chin, you raise her gaze towards you. “We all make mistakes, Starlight. For instance—I once called Princess Celestia a whorse.”Starlight snorts. “Why?” she asks, incredulous.“Well, It means something a little different where I’m from. Nopony felt the need to tell me for quite some time, I might add. They all just kept slapping their hooves to their mouths in shock, then waving their big ass spears at me.”“Well, at least you didn’t brainwash an entire village, then create a deliberately unstable temporal paradox that ruined Equestria several times over just because you were salty.”You raise an eyebrow. “I think you have a bad case of regrets Tourette’s. What happened, happened. Your friends don’t care anymore, and that includes me.”“So… you consider yourself… my friend?” Starlight asks, biting her lower lip.Your resolve crumbles, and you pull her close. “Well, considering this is the longest non-work or transdimensional-predicament-related one-on-one conversation I’ve had with a pony that wasn’t Big Mac, I’d say so.”To you surprise, Starlight leans into your embrace, studying your expression intently. Something about the mare seems a bit… off, almost as if something is niggling away at her mind. You aren’t left wondering what it could be for too long.Soft pony lips, softer than you could have ever imagined, press against your mouth. Your own lips part in shock, and Starlight takes full advantage. Her tongue meets yours, and a fierce battle between the two commences. The revulsion a part of you had expected if you ever ended up actually kissing a pony is nowhere to be found. Instead, there is only curiosity, and a thirst to explore.Your hand makes its way to the back of her head, your fingers splaying into her silky mane. Starlight twists into your lap, her hooves encompassing your shoulders. Her ears swivel and flick as she explores your mouth with her tongue. All too soon, though, she breaks away.“I… have more kites back in my room. Would you like to see them?” she asks, adorably biting her lip again.You smile. Just about any pretext would suffice at this point. “I reckon I would.”*   *   *You lay on Starlight’s bed with a dopey grin on your face. Starlight is half lying on you, her hooves exploring your fingers. For some reason, she’s fascinated by them. You, in turn, gently examine her hooves. You’ve never really had a chance to have a proper look at a pony’s hooves before. Your fingertips detect soft pads in the middle, and you notice they’re actually capable of gripping your fingers. You feel the sensation, though you can’t quite wrap your head around how she’s doing it. It isn’t magic, as her horn isn’t lit. Maybe this explains how earth ponies are able to grasp teacups?She hasn’t shown you any kites besides the first, but right now, neither of you seem to care. You’re way more interested in the mare herself.She takes a swig of vodka, her eyes unfocused. “Your hooves are weird,” she slurs, her grin mimicking your own.“Hands,” you correct, running one of them over her coat. You can’t quite get over how soft it is. Her mane is even softer. She leans into your touch as your hands continue to freely explore her body. A fuzzy purple ear flicks, tickling your chin. You boop her cute little pony snoot with an index finger, and her muzzle scrunches. It’s fucking adorable.She captures the hand harbouring the offending digit between her forehooves. Her lips quickly envelop the finger, forming a tight seal just shy of the knuckle.A warm pony tongue swirls around your flesh, whilst large, pretty pony eyes study your reaction. It’s obvious she’s trying to get a rise out of you. Even though it’s just a finger, the texture of her wet muscle sets your heart beating just a little bit faster.Pulling back, Starlight grins, a lone strand of pony saliva bridging the gap between your finger and her lower lip. Her unspoken message is clear: just how far are you willing to take this?You are not deterred, nor will you be defeated. You spy the long spiral magical appendage protruding from her mane, and an idea springs to mind. It might have even made you a little uncomfortable, if you weren't currently tanked on Prussian Standard.Starlight is indeed a powerful unicorn, the teleportation alone gives it away. You’ve only met four other ponies capable of such a feat, and all of them are alicorn princesses. You decide to indulge in a little fantasy of yours that you’d previously been doing your best to completely ignore since arriving in Equestria. After all, it’s easier to ask for forgiveness, than permission, right?Lick.It’s a lot warmer than you had expected. It also tastes of candy, oddly enough. You can feel every groove of the spiral as they pass over you tongue.Starlight freezes, her eyes wider than a set of frying pans. “Did… Did you just… lick my horn?”Shit. You pause. “Um… I might have done, yeah?”The unicorn remains silent for a few moments. You suppose right about now is a good time for that apology. “Okay, maybe that was a little weird. I’m sor-”“Can you…” Starlight interrupted, gingerly biting her lower lip and peering up at you past her fringe, “will you do it again?”You can’t quite believe your luck. Is she actually into this? You don’t need to be told twice.A pleasant tingling sensation greets your tongue, accompanied by a faint gasp, and the sound of ethereal wind chimes. Her magical aura bathes your face, as the hooves holding your hand in place tremor, gripping you tightly. Her ear flicks once more, and you’re vaguely aware of your hand being slowly dragged down her barrel.A small voice in the back of your mind tries to get your attention, but the raging steel rod in your pants promptly bitch slaps the candid conduit of supposed common sense back into insignificance. Yes, she’s an equine, but this fact happens to be of no concern to your penis, or the rest of you, really.Your heart thunders in your chest, your fingertips gently grazing through the softest fur on their travels downward. Thinner and thinner the fur becomes, until the texture at your fingertips turns into something else entirely. There, you pause, not daring to go any further.Starlight is breathing a little quicker now. She isn’t even looking at you anymore, but her forehooves still tightly grip your arm, urging your gentle touches lower. Her horn, still lit, hasn’t moved from it’s position at your mouth. You decide to take advantage.Your lips envelop the tip, but you don’t stop there—no. You allow the magical appendage to slide over your tongue, slipping no less than four of her spiral-engraved inches into your mouth straight off the bat. Starlight rasps out a gasp, but thankfully keeps her head still. The magic radiating from her ember impregnates your flesh, and you revel in the consequent tingling sensation of the nerves in your jaw as your tongue wastes no time in thoroughly acquainting itself with her horn. You have no idea if this is even safe, considering how powerful Starlight is, but you decide to trust her.Establishing a rhythmic pattern, your efforts to repetitively trace the spiral engraving elicit a slightly breathless moan from the unicorn, along with a not-so-subtle squeeze of your arm from her forelegs. Heeding her unspoken request, you muster up the courage to continue your previous exploration of her nethers.Your fingers are quickly met with two soft, sparsely furred mounds. Your eyes widen, your resolve crumbling a bit. Having a mouthful of unicorn horn and simultaneously copping a feel of your first set of pony tits will do that to you.Starlight closes her eyes, her muzzle scrunching up. A hind leg lifts, and a jolt of her hips gives you a modest palmful of pony breast. You feel the nipple poking into your skin, but what really grabs your attention is what’s nestled in the smattering of slick, coarse fur below.Yep. That’s a pony cooch.Your dick twitches, fighting against the confines of your pants as you steel yourself. Using your thumb and several of your fingers, you massage both of Starlight’s teats at the same time, gently kneading and squeezing the fleshy mounds. The mare shivers, the light ‘thwap’ of her tail twitching against the blanket is the only sound other than her laboured breathing and the tinkling horn glowing in your mouth.It’s quite the challenge to hold yourself back from just diving into the hot, wet treasure trove below, but you just about manage it. You can feel the heat radiating from her. Already, the air has become laced with pony pheromones. One of her ears is flicking against your chest, the other waving sporadically in front of your eyes.You take her horn deeper, the tip just grazing the back of your throat. Your fingers also become more adventurous, delving lower and lower, until your middle digit is partially enveloped between a warm, delectably slick set of pony labia.Starlight lets out a low moan. “K-keep going,” she gasps. It’s subtle, but you sense the slight undulation of her hips.Spurred on by her words, but more so that reaction, you slide your finger against her folds, feeling a slick, fleshy protrusion at their apex twitch every now and again under your touch.Adding your ring finger to the equation, you team it up with your middle to capture the mare’s winking clitoris. Starlight, clearly impatient with your pacing, mashes a forehoof to the back of your hand. You chuckle at the cute display, but it comes out slightly muffled due to the horn occupying your throat. Pulling back, you begin to rapidly swirl your tongue around the tip.Your middle finger takes the plunge, slipping effortlessly inside the unicorn, all the way to the knuckle. Starlight groans, her restless hips not so subtle anymore. Her horn pops from your mouth as she shuffles herself up your chest. Twisting her upper body, her forehooves find your shoulders, and she plants her muzzle on your lips.Starlight throws all restraint out of the metaphorical window, practically thrusting her tongue down your throat from the get go. It makes sense, considering you have a finger buried inside her. You surrender fully to the mare, your eyelids drooping. Starlight’s saliva seems laced with a substance that makes your brain go all fuzzy. It takes you a few moments to figure out it’s probably the vodka. You allow her tongue unrestricted access, and it explores your mouth, gliding over your teeth in between playful little skirmishes with your own wet muscle.Grabbing one of her hind legs with your free hand, you lift it ever so slightly, affording yourself better access to her mare bits. Your ring finger joins your middle, slipping between the lubricated lips of her pony cooch and sliding deep. You don’t know if the old trick will have the same effect on a mare, but you give the ‘come hither’ motion a go anyway.“Hnnggaaah!” Starlight pants, breaking the kiss. Her breath shallows and her ears fly back on her head. “Woah! What’reyoudoing! Oh, m-my… This is so much better than hooves… or magic.”Such a lewd little unicorn. You can only imagine the things this mare has gotten up to in her alone time. “Oh, do tell?” you prompt.Starlight ignores you, instead countering with a very breathless, “what the hell are these things you’ve got inside me?”“Fingers, Sweetheart. Do you like them?” you reply with a grin.Starlight’s response is to bury her face into your chest and groan so loud, the sound rattles your ribcage. You can feel her inner muscles begin to grip your fingers so tightly, it’s very nearly painful. “Sweet Celestia! I…”“So that’s a yes, then?” you chuckle.Her hind leg kicks, almost breaking free of your grasp, but you just manage to hold it. Changing tactics, you apply firm upwards pressure to the inside of her cooch, and begin to piston your fingers rapidly within her. Your muscles are stinging like all hell from the workout, but you’re curious as to what will happen if you actually manage to give her an orgasm.“Gah! Gu… Jaa…Jaaack!”  Starlight squeaks, her irises shrinking to the size of pinheads, the light of her horn growing steadily brighter. Your heart gives an almost painful throb as she calls your name. “G-Gonna… c… cum!”Burying your fingers inside her to the knuckle, you feel it. The powerful spasms ripple through her inner walls, squeezing your embedded digits with a surprising amount of pressure. A thick, gooey liquid coats your palm, along with a fair amount of the mare’s fur as her whole body convulses.“Gaaaah!” Starlight’s horn erupts, showering the wooden headboard and a large portion of the crystalline wall with a volley of teal sparks. You recoil in horror at first, but several of them land on your face, merely sending little tingles through your skin. Your dick throbs. Your mouth waters. Wonder what they taste like?Slipping her horn into your mouth once more, your throat is assaulted by the torrent of sparks still streaming from her horn tip, but you persevere, pushing her horn to the back of your throat and swallowing. The pleasant tingling sensation flows through your ribcage and all the way down to your stomach, leaving you a little light-headed.Starlight whimpers in weak protest at your renewed attentions to her horn, her hind legs and tail still thrashing in the throes of full bodied climax. After a good thirty seconds or so, her orgasm finally relents.Pulling her horn from your mouth with a slight ‘pop,’ you conclude that unicorn horngasms taste simply divine.“You… you swallowed… my sp… my sparks,” Starlight pants, lying limp against your chest, attempting in vain to catch her breath. You can feel her racing heartbeat through the fingers still buried in her twitching marehood. “You must really like me,” she giggles, gazing up at you, her grin partly hidden by her forehooves.“Huh…” you mutter, wondering if you’d inadvertently crossed some taboo boundary. “Is… Is that not normal?”Starlight runs her tongue over her teeth, her half-lidded gaze seductively sultry. “Most stallions won’t even touch a mare’s horn, let alone suck the magic out of it,” she replies, whispering the last five words as though afraid somepony might hear her discussing such a topic. “I can’t believe you actually did that.”“Well, why wouldn’t I? You seemed to like it… Wait, you did like it, right?” you ask, doubt threatening to take hold.Starlight raises an eyebrow. “Did I like it? Really?” She points a forehoof to her still faintly glowing horn. “Horn, sparks,” she deadpans, giving your fingers a squeeze with her marehood, “that mess down under my tail, and you still have to ask?”“Just checking,” you mutter, but grin at her anyway. You pull your fingers from her dripping pony snatch, causing the mare to take in a sharp breath. Studying her reaction, you slowly bring the slickened digits to your mouth. The warm fluid coating them is clear, colourless, and thick. Starlight gasps again, her eyes widening in disbelief as you begin to clean her juices from your aching fingers with your tongue.“You… You’re the filthiest stallion I’ve ever met!” Starlight breathes, her horn flaring up again and her ears lewdly flicking. Another ‘thwap’ sounds as her tail gives a massive twitch against the bed.You barely hear her. The potent concoction of sweet mare ambrosia coating your lips and tongue promptly sends your brain into a state of chemically induced euphoria. “Oh, gawd,” you mumble around your fingers. Starlight tastes like pure bliss.Before you’ve even finished licking your fingers clean, you become increasingly aware that you need more. A lot more.Your gaze slowly drifts down to the matted fur between Starlight’s hind legs, and the mare’s eyes widen even further. “Why are you looking at me like tha-eep!”With a careful roll, you pin Starlight to the mattress, shuffling down on your knees until your head ends up between her quivering hind legs. The mare’s back goes ramrod straight, and she peers down at you over her bunched up forehooves with a look of slight confusion, and perhaps a teeny glimmer of hopeful anticipation. “Wait—y-you’re not actually g-gonna… lick me… down there… are you?”Again, you barely notice she even said a word. The heady scent of steaming hot pony pussy wafts up into your nostrils as you take a moment to simply admire Starlight’s beautiful marehood in all its anatomically correct glory. The coarse pubic fur surrounding her lips is a shade or two darker than the rest of her coat, perhaps more so considering it’s covered in that sweet nectar you so crave. Both of her lightly furred mounds, as well as her slightly protruding donut-shaped plot hole are also laced with plentiful lashings of mare juice.Her clit chooses that moment to pop out and introduce itself, and you lick your lips, noting that it too is covered in the heavenly fluid. You can feel the wet spot in your shorts, courtesy of your aching cock.Starlight fidgets on the bed, her tail twitching against your chest, and her ears flicking atop her head. Judging by the look on her face, she’s starting to think you’re bluffing.You think it’s time to prove her wrong.Pressing your mouth to her vulva, you thrust your tongue into her cooch as far as it will go. The lips part, gripping your muscle as Starlight emits a whinny of pleasure, followed by an overwhelmed nicker, and a whole other string of adorable sexually-satisfied-horse noises.Her hind legs grip your head with considerable force as you proceed to suck the delicious fluids out of the mare, directly from the source. Your mouth is filled with the deposits of her last climax, and you hungrily lap the exquisite mare cum down, eager for more.“Gu… gaaaaah!” Starlight squeals, her body writhing all over the bed. You clamp your hands over her abdomen, one of them quickly sliding down to play with her teats. Again and again you swallow, alternating between plunging your tongue deep inside her in an attempt to coax more of that addictive mare juice out, and lapping at her soaked pubes with such ferocity that you feel several of them become stuck in your teeth.Her clit pops out, and you lock your lips around it, preventing its retraction. Rapidly swirling your tongue in small circles over the fleshy little nubbin sends Starlight positively catatonic. Teal sparks fly everywhere as her second climax explodes directly into your mouth. Your eyes roll back in your head as several thick, warm globules of delectable mare honey flow freely down your gullet, the intoxicating pony pheromones contained within sending you spiralling into a paroxysm of euphoria.You just about manage to hold on to the mare long enough to suck the last few drops of satisfaction from her twitching marehood, your lips parting from hers with a lewd smacking sound, before you crumple, sliding off the end off the bed entirely and landing with your back pressed to the gleaming crystal floor.You pant as though you’ve just run a marathon. The room is spinning, your heart is pounding, the dopamine clouding your brain threatening to completely overwhelm your senses. Starlight can be heard whimpering on the bed, a series of incoherent mumblings that make no sense whatsoever.“Woah,” you gasp, your pupils the size of bowling balls. Who knew it was possible to get high off of unicorn mare jizz?You feel like you’re floating above the ground… No, scratch that—you are floating above the ground.In a matter of seconds, you find yourself pinned to the bed by unicorn magic. Starlight stands over you with a look of pure determination. She presses her horn tip to your chest, directly over your heart, her mane tickling your skin…… and promptly sets you on fire.“Fuck!” you yell, but you can’t move—she has you completely pinned to the bed with her magic.Panic sets in as you feel the bright teal flames consume your clothes, spreading in a circle from where her horn is now digging into your exposed skin. It takes you a few moments of terrified struggling, and several more half-screamed curse words and pleas for the mare’s mercy, but you finally notice that… you aren’t actually feeling any pain.Like, none at all.Not only that, but your chest hair is still very much intact. If you were actually on fire, wouldn't it have burned away with your clothes?The spell fades, leaving you stark naked beneath a grinning Starlight. She smirks at your stone-faced expression, barely containing a snort. “D’you really think I would set you on fire? Come on, Jack! I’m not that crazy,” she chuckles.Something silky soft passes over your exposed cock, tickling your balls. You glance down to see her tail is resting on your groin. “Well I’m not exactly used to mag-HOLY SHIT!”Starlight’s horn ignites, and an intense, unrelenting pleasure radiates through your dick. Your fingers dig into the blanket in shock, every muscle in your body tensing up at the same time. You make several sounds that invalidate your man card, but you’ve no room for shame. There is only pleasure. The teal aura manipulating your junk is way too clinically efficient for you to have any real chance of lasting a respectable amount of time, especially considering you’re all jacked up on her mind-bending cooch juice. Shit’s like crack cocaine.The glimmering unicorn smiles triumphantly, stepping back a couple of paces and enveloping your glowing cock with her maw in one swift, fluid motion. No sooner than your tip slides into the back of her throat, you explode, painting her tonsils white. The teal aura shifts down to your balls as Starlight swallows with a series of cute little gulps, her tongue gently massaging your balls along with her OP stimulation magic, and her cute little muzzle pressing into your pubic bone.Having taken the majority of your load directly into her throat, she pulls back, forcefully sucking the remaining globs of spunk into her maw and swirling her tongue around your tip, before mercifully releasing your spent member with a slight ‘pop.’“Hmm… not bad,” she ponders aloud, opening her mouth to show your your cum rolling over her tongue. With one more gulp, it disappears down her throat to join the rest of your load.“Holy fucking shit,” you gasp. This pony. This delicious, adorable, captivating, sexy little mare. “You’re really good at that.”You can’t remember the last time someone sucked your cock like that. You don’t think anyone has sucked your cock quite like that, in fact. “C’mere,” you croak, your voice almost breaking. You just want to hold her.Starlight happily crawls up your body, her tail grazing your softening dick. She nestles her muzzle into your neck, and the feeling of her slightly sweat slickened fur pressing into your bare skin is one of the most divine perceptions you’ve ever experienced. You wrap your arms around your mare, pressing your lips to her muzzle.You can feel her smile. Her eyelids drop to half mast, and she leans into the kiss, parting her lips and meeting your tongue with her own. You praise whatever deity it was that sent Big Mac running toward you that morning. All you can think about is how thankful you are to have this mare in your arms, no matter how crazy she might be.You don’t know how long you lie there, simply kissing and nuzzling with the unicorn. Your perception of time seems warped by bliss. You’d say it was quite a while, judging by the fading daylight coming from the window when you finally open your eyes again.“So… are we gonna rut soon? I’m gettin’ kinda antsy,” she finally asks, magically igniting a candle by her bedside table.Sure enough, you can feel a certain part of her anatomy winking against your abdomen. Your dick is already beginning to harden at the sensation. You smile, and that’s all the encouragement she needs.Her horn flares, and you feel her magic enveloping your shaft again. Thankfully, it’s not the same overstimulating spell as before. Propping her hind quarters up, she shuffles back, and you feel a warm, wet pony cooch slide the length of your shaft. Her ears flick madly in anticipation, her breaths already coming out ragged. You think you spy a hint of worry in her eyes, but it’s gone in an instant, replaced with resolution. Her ears fold lower as she coos in pleasure, sliding her slickened labia over your glans, her horn already glowing of its own accord.You take in a sharp breath, planting your palms firmly on her cutie marks to slow the heavenly lubricated friction between human and equine genitalia. Starlight presses her loins more firmly onto you in response, leaning down to graze her tongue over your neck. Your cock twitches at her wet touch, and you lift her hindquarters a shade, the thick, bulbous glans sliding into position at the bottom of her folds.Starlight emits the tiniest gasp, waiting for your next move. When you stop to savour the moment for just a bit too long, she steals it away, slowly pressing her marehood onto your cock. Every muscle in your body freezes as the hot, slickened ring of pony flesh slowly dilates around your tip. The pressure builds, and builds, and builds some more, until Starlight emits an adorable muffled squeak into your neck, and the head of your spire is ingested into her incredibly tight, blisteringly hot unicorn pussy.“Oh, my… It’s so b-big…” she gasps, her eyes watering. She buries her muzzle into your neck once more, her flicking ears tickling your skin.With tepid movements, she eases herself down, the heavenly warmth and vice-like pressure encapsulating more and more of your shaft as she sinks lower. You breathe deeply in an attempt to curb your growing excitement, but all this achieves is your nose filling up with the intoxicating, pheromone-laced scent of her arousal.Lower and lower her marehood slips, until at long last, her teats press firmly against your pubic bone. You both sigh in bliss, then immediately chuckle at the coincidence.“I feel so full,” she squeaks, her eyes wider than dustbin lids and her ears completely flat to her mane. Her jaw clicks as she manipulates her inner muscles in an attempt to adjust to being impaled on your cock.You gasp in pleasure, feeling Starlight’s marehood grasping your length, elongating further to accommodate you. She grins at your approval, pressing her muzzle to your mouth and slipping her tongue practically halfway down your throat.Several minutes tick by, during which the both of you just enjoy the feeling of being connected in the most intimate way. It almost feels as though your heart beats sync up as you roll her saliva soaked tongue against your own, until she breaks the monotony by ever so gently beginning to screw you.It’s official, you’re a horsefucker now.The hot, lubricated pressure of her tight equine snatch sensuously gliding up and down your shaft sends wave after wave of undiluted pleasure through your loins. Starlight gazes deeply into your eyes as she fucks you, and you know in that moment you belong to her, just as much as she belongs to you.Your fingers dig into her cutie marks as she begins to pick up the pace, gripping your shaft with more force and really beginning to slam that twitching marehood down onto your dick. Laboured breathing gradually morphs into the cutest little moans, her ears still overwhelmed, lying flat against her mane.Pressing her forehooves into your chest, the unicorn pushes herself up, impaling herself deeper onto your spire. She can barely control her hind legs as she begins to ride you, the wonderous sensation of her teats bouncing on your pubic bone utterly surreal. You notice several arcs of magic fly from her horn at random intervals, each emitting a loud ‘pop.’ She really has no control over the magical appendage anymore, it seems.You follow the example, pushing yourself up to a sitting position. A jolt of pleasure shoots up your spine as you wrap your arms around the panting mare and press her down onto your cock, embedding yourself so deeply that your tip kisses her cervix. Starlight whimpers weakly in response, gently pawing at your chest with her forehooves in between giving your neck little nuzzles with her maw.You think it’s about time you took the initiative.Placing a hand firmly on her rump, you roll, gently easing the mare onto her back, all the while keeping yourself buried inside her. Starlight looks up at you expectantly, her big blue orbs filled with lust. You don’t disappoint her.Gripping the mare fiercely, you begin to pound away between her limply hanging hind legs, using long, powerful strokes to drive your full length deep into her hungry snatch. Starlight’s eyes roll back in her head, the utterly lewd, muffled slap of flesh on sodden pony fur echoing through the room. “Celestia’s flaming tits! Yes, Jack! Rut me!”Again, your heart pounds even harder in your chest when you hear her moan your name in bliss. You proceed to slam into the mare with renewed fervour, wrapping an arm around her head and swallowing her magic-spitting horn in one lunge. You feel the tingles intensify, her magical ember spreading down your throat, into your chest and washing over your heart.“JAAAACK!” Starlight squeaks. All four of her hooves clamp onto you with vice like intensity, effectively trapping your cock deep inside her. Her marehood begins rhythmically spasming around your shaft, almost the very same moment as her horn blows its magical load directly into your throat. The pleasant tingling is so intense, you gag like a whore, but Glimmy’s hooves keep you immobilised.You grunt around her horn—her rippling pony pussy doing its very best to milk you like a common farm animal, the spasming walls contracting around your cock with ever increasing intensity. Her hind legs grip your hips even tighter. Your throat is still being flooded with the salacious expulsion of her magical ember. You swallow as much as you can, but some of the teal sparks burst out of your mouth and shower her mane. Starlight moans uncontrollably beneath you, her full-bodied convulsions and pleading whimpers for you to cum inside her finally pushing you over the edge.You feel your balls tighten against her plot hole. With a particularly powerful squeeze of her snatch, the head of your cock erupts, firing the first thick, pearly white rope of your seed directly into her cervical canal.“Gluumph!” you gargle, your own saliva coating the hot, magic-emblazoned horn in your mouth muffling your words. Not that it matters. Starlight understands you perfectly.“Yes! G-Give me… cum… inside m-me!” she pants, barely coherent.Pulse after pulse of your essence flows into her steamy nethers—two, three, four, five, six, seven spurts of sperm-laden semen, you count—each accompanied by its own overwhelming wave of pleasure. Starlight groans in ecstasy, feeling the gentle pressure in her loins rise as you pump her full of your seed.With one last twitch of your cock, you carefully extract her spent horn from your throat. Pulling back, you grin at the thin strand of your own saliva connecting your lips to her tip. Unfortunately, your grin doesn’t last long.Starlight’s eyes suddenly glow a blinding white. You squint in an attempt to shield your vision as her horn flares brighter than you’ve ever seen any pony’s glow before. “Da mihi tenerosque caballos!” she chants, her voice laced with an unmistakable undertone of raw magical ability. It simultaneously sends a shiver down your spine and makes every hair your body possesses stand on end.As quickly as it began, however, it’s over. Starlight’s eyes glimmer up at your puzzled expression, a cute little grin on her muzzle.“What was that?” you slowly ask. Did she just cast some sort of voodoo mating ritual incantation? Does she now own your soul? What the fuck is happening?“What was what?” she counters, her cute little pony muzzle scrunching up in confusion.Oh god. Is she gonna start playing jump rope with the Vicky Mendoza diagonal? “The creepy chanting? The glowing eyes? That weird spell you just cast?”“Oh… Oh, that,” she chuckles nervously. “That was… uh… birth control!” she happily exclaims, giving your still-embedded shaft a lewd squeeze with her cooch for emphasis.You frown. “Yeah—I’m pretty sure I can’t get you… pregnant,” you say. Your frown deepens. As soon as the last word leaves your mouth, the melancholy realisation hits.You’re never going to have children.It’s not something you’ve really thought about since coming to Equestria, but you’re thinking about it now. Your line will end with you.Starlight seems to sense your thoughts. Smart mare, she is. “You don’t know that for sure,” she whispers, giving you the sweetest smile, before drawing you in for a chaste kiss.*   *   *   END   *   *   *What a beautiful day to walk. The sun was shining its ultraviolet rays, the birds were chirping a chipper song in G major, and you were strolling through Whitetail Woods with a spring in your step, marvelling at the placidity of it all. That serenity was shattered as you heard the screech of a pink demon, startling you from your reverie as you spotted two familiar mares in the distance. Apparently, you weren’t the only one aware of the benefits of an excursion—it was good for the soul, not to mention the fact that it got you away from the nonstop magical musical that was Ponyville for an hour or two. Unfortunately, the invaders of your peace and quiet were often the propagators of said numbers.There they were, bookhorse and cocainepone, ambling through the epicentre of a dense thicket as they chattered amongst themselves, Pinkie regaling Twilight with her latest theory about the world being a snowglobe or some such shit. You really couldn’t be bothered to entertain the pair of them, so you kept your distance, careful not to make too much noise and give away your position.As the two of them continued to speak, the conversation eventually drifted to you, which gradually expanded your ego until it resembled a waterlogged sponge. You liked to express an air of humility, but when you were hidden by a convenient bush, you didn’t need to worry about anyone bearing witness to your shit-eating grin.“Anon doesn’t seem to like it when I hug him,” Pinkie sighed, her usual bounding bouncing boing traded out for a typical and traditional trot, something that would appear normal on any other pony, but almost looked sombre on her. “Whenever I go to do it, he tenses up! I don’t think he enjoys it at all…”It was true, you didn’t. That was mainly due to the fact that whenever Pinkie hugged you, it felt as if she was trying to make fucking kindling out of your ribcage. You’d never approached her on the subject because you didn’t want to hurt her feelings, the only exception being that time that you ordered her to ‘stop fucking hugging you’ and called her a junkie afterwards for good measure.In short, you knew how to exercise tact. From behind your bush, you could hear Twilight attempting to elucidate Pinkie on just why you might not have been so receptive to her hugs, carefully dancing around the fact that her earth pony strength made her extremely dangerous. Honestly, it was like she was Lenny and you were a rabbit waiting to be turned into paste whenever she wrapped those officious hooves around your chest, squeezing the living fuck out of you. You heard Pinkie complaining some more, and quickly realised the reason behind her dismay. The sole cause of her dejection, the catalyst of her sorrow: “I can’t believe my hugs aren’t good enough for him!” So that was it? No concern as to your feelings, no consideration whatsoever to how you might have felt when you were being put between the herculean hooves of a living trash compactor, just the fact that she wanted to feel self-assured in her snuggling ability? Oh, you were not going to be belittled like this, not after all of the bone crushing, organ squeezing embraces she had forced you through.A malevolent smirk graced your lips as you began to think up a way to get even, your malicious side creeping out as you crafted a Machiavellian plot to turn the situation to your advantage, to leave the mare despondent and dispirited, to destroy her reputation and tarnish her—Okay, too much. Let’s just get her to suck you off. That’ll work.Deciding that now would be as good a time as any to butt in on their conversation, you popped out of the bushes that they just happened to be passing, your mien serious but nonetheless kind as you appeared before them, startling Twilight. "I couldn’t help but overhear you just now, Pinkie, and I feel as if I owe you an explanation.” Twilight had just about finished recovering from her date with the dirt, brushing off her coat and trying to control her breathing along with the errant flapping of her wings as Pinkie sat on her haunches, apparently eager to hear what you had to say. Too eager. She didn’t have any idea what she was in for. Clearing your throat, flexing your bullshit muscles, you met Pinkie’s striking blue eyes with a calm and level gaze. “You see, in my culture, handholding is seen as taboo, and hugging isn't an acceptable greeting." You sighed, shaking your head and looking solemnly at the pair."That's so sad..." Pinkie pouted, her tail flouncing against the floor as her bodacious mane blew in the gentle spring breeze. "Isn't that sad, Twi?""I agree, it is pretty sad to hear that," Twilight nodded, though you could see that curious, academic glint in her eye. She wanted to know more. "So... Just how did you say hello?""It was a special form of greeting," you said, glancing towards her. "But I don't know if you'd be able to pull it off. What was considered to be normal back home might be seen as strange and outlandish here, and I wouldn't want to upset either of you.""Nuh-uh!" Pinkie yelled, rising to her full, approximately-at- your-waist height. "Whatever they could do for you back home, we can do here too! Just what was this special greeting that was so special, anyway?" Twilight nodded in agreement, her determination mirroring Pinkie’s."Well..." You turned to the side, attempting to look pensive, but in reality, you were trying to hold back a grin. "It's called a 'blowjob'.""A blowjob?" the fluffy mares repeated in unison, their tails tapping together as they swilled the new word around like a sweet wine, testing the syllables. God, that was cute, but you had to retain your composure if this was going to work!"The very same. An ancient practice propagated by the old ones and carried on throughout generations of my people, one that I'd like to share with both of you if you'll allow me the honour of instructing you."Pinkie gasped and looked at you with a newfound glee. “Thankyouthankyouthannkyou! There’s nothing that makes my day like learning new ways to greet everypony!”Twilight began shifting between her forehooves, lightly prancing in place as her features lit up.“An ancient practice? This could actually be an excellent chance to study human interaction! I’d love to participate too if you’ll let me?”“Of course, Twilight. Anything to help a friend,” you said like the lovely person you were. “As I said, this is an act that you might consider strange at first, but I promise you that in my culture, it was totally natural. You promise you won’t react negatively?”Both mares nodded vehemently, seemingly deadset in their conviction. There was no way they were changing their minds, Princess Friendship herself was hardly going to go back on her word, and Pinkie was too stubborn and one-track minded to reconsider anything. Besides, you doubted she was particularly averse to having foreign objects in her mouth.  Like your dick.You felt your mask of wistfulness dropping as your pants did the same, the wind lightly brushing against your balls as you felt the air rushing through your crotch. It felt good to be getting back to nature.Twilight’s face immediately turned into a deep shade of red, and she half-heartedly covered her eyes, although you could see her peeking past her hoof, as any sane mare would. “A-Anon! Why do you have your penis out?!”You could see the lustful glint in her eye, and with it, your ego gained an extra few pounds as you gave the blushing mare—a deep scarlet mixing in with her purple fur—an amused look, the edges of your lips creeping further up your face. “It’s a part of the greeting, Twi.”You waved them over, your semi-hard cock swinging back and forth even as the doe eyes on it caused it to stiffen and twitch in anticipation. “Now, I can’t demonstrate what a blowjob is, but I could describe it to you and give you a chance to try it out yourselves?”The two mares approached you apprehensively, giving both you and your dick questioning glances. Twilight leaned forwards, barely having to bend her head due to her perfect height, took a deep breath, and exhaled forcedly onto your confused schlong, which began to wither and soften in the face of your steadily rising laughter. “Twilight, what the fuck are you doing?”Twilight reeled back with a clumsy step, her eyes flickering between your now limp dick and your questioning gaze, her lip lightly quivering as if she had just been told she was late on a book fee. “W-what do you mean? You said it was a ‘blowjob’, so I thought you were supposed to blow on it an-”You shake your head, slapping your cock against her cheek in an effort to assert dominance and remind her of its presence, but also because you think her fur is really soft and you need to get this thing hard again somehow after her display of idiocy. Christ, if you wanted to get blown by a naive mare, you would have gotten with Derpy....Eh, who were you kidding? Derpy was a total slut. Anyways, back to the blowjob at hand. “You got one thing right: you’re going to have to use your mouth.”“I assumed as much. It only made sense, considering that semantically, the word ‘blow’ has roots in—”Smack went your cock against her cheek, silencing her with the exception of a small, adorable gasp, her eyes widening and her body tensing. “Can we save the linguistics seminar?” you said with a titter, though the narrowing of your eyebrows made it clear that you really didn’t want to hear it. Luckily, Twilight seemed to catch on fairly quickly. “Anyways, if you’re done trying to guess at how to practice an art, allow me to fill you in. First off, the aim of the blowjob is to establish a feeling of equilibrium and satisfaction between the giver and the receiver, and in doing so strengthen their bond.”“Oh! Oh! Does that mean that if we blow you good, we’ll be better friends?” Pinkie asked, surprisingly grasping the terminology with ease. You nodded, thankful that someone was at least beginning to grasp it, even in a silly and rudimentary way.“Also, also! Can you smack my cheek with your ding-a-ling too?” You shrugged, stepping a little closer to Pinkie’s waiting fuzzy muzzle and giving her a light tap with your shaft, but she only seemed unimpressed by your efforts. “That’s it? When you did it to Twi-Twi, I’m sure I heard somet-”You spun your cock around a few times to gain some momentum while she was rattling off her bullshit, before sending it straight towards the pink pony’s muzzle like a surface to air dick missile. A nice, solid thwack resonated from the slap. The sound reverberated through the trees, causing a few leaves to fall and surrounding wildlife to flee in terror.“Was that a blowjob?”You tried your hardest not to give Twilight a deadpan stare. You failed. “Christ, didn’t your mother teach you anything growing up? No, Twilight, that was not a blowjob.”Twilight huffed at her ineptitude, she clearly didn’t like not being able to deduce something herself. “Well, are you going to give me some kind of learning aid or not?” She narrowed her gaze, staring at your chilly, turtle-necking dick as she tried to work out what the fuck she was meant to do next. Needless to say, she didn’t do shit.“This time, how about you listen first?” you sighed, irritated that you had to treat these mares like children. You grabbed your cock in your hand, giving it a couple of soft pumps to try and get some blood back into it, looking at each of the mares in turn. Hell, just looking at them was helping, and luckily their bodies didn’t have personalities, so they were quite hot when they weren’t talking. “You already know what this is,” you said, motioning to your hardening shaft, which Twilight now stared at without any form of restraint, clearly as excited as she was embarrassed. Pinkie was essentially salivating by now, which would be pretty unbecoming if you weren’t about to stick your cock in her mouth. “But knowing how to interact with it is what you’re lacking. The cock is a delicate muscle, one that responds well to certain stimuli, but badly to others, make sense?”Twilight nodded, but Pinkie cocked her head with a bemused stare, wide-eyed. Turning to Pinkie, he said: “Basically, Pinkie, it feels good when you take it in your mouth and suck on it, using your tongue is good too. Those are the basics. You don’t bite it, you don’t pull on it too hard, you treat it as the delicate and sensitive appendage that it is, got it?”“You mean like this?” Pinkie asked as she ran forwards, closing the distance between you in a flash as she raised your cock with a hoof, aligning it with her mouth and sliding it all the way into her muzzle. The soft, velvety walls of her throat contracted around your cock as she looked up to you with sparkling, excited eyes, sweetly suckling on your tip as she took your entire length without instruction or provocation.You could already feel a familiar buildup inside you, beginning to rumble and burn in the pit of your stomach and then jutting out as your balls tightened and you squeezed your eyes shut in a moment you could only describe as glory.You hadn’t had your cock sucked in weeks, and there was something about Pinkie’s mouth—its softness, its snugness—that was different to any woman you’d ever met, her size and the length of her tongue titillating your senses as you looked down at her enthusiastic tongue lapping, feeling your cock beginning to pulse as you emptied your load into her waiting, eager mouth.She took every spurt you had down her little throat as you shot her full of your seed, the thick and juicy liquid filling her as you felt the fourth burst in a row leaving you, her cheeks bulging as you continued to cum for her. She’d asked for it, after all, shouldn’t have shocked you like that.Right when you felt on the verge of passing out, she relented, pulling back and allowing you to shoot the final remnants of your load all over her cute face, getting it all in her mane and glazing her like one of those doughnuts she was so fond of. God, she looked sweet like that. Your panting subsided as the last, pathetic dregs of your load dripped from the end of your cock, and only as your regained cognisance did you notice that Pinkie was covered in more than just your cum, but laid in a puddle of her own juices, a soft and continuous moan carrying from her throat in a yearning lilt as she twitched in place, her tail repeatedly tapping against the ground as her eyelids fluttered. “F-fuck… What was that?”You took a few seconds to regain your breath, staring critically at Pinkie and trying to work out the same thing. You didn’t get very far. “Fuck if I know,” you admitted. “But shit, Pinkie, why didn’t you warn me you were gonna do that?!”“W-well—” Pinkie was stifled by another moan, one that almost sounded involuntary. “F-fuckballs. Throat feels… Really, really gooooood~”You gave a questioning glance towards Twilight, seeing her looking at her friend with a mixture of worry and immense interest. “Anon, that thing you just did. Do it again.”“Wait, shouldn’t we check on Pinkie?” you asked her, worried the mare might drown if you left her in her current state. Pinkie’s moans and attempts to get your dick in her mouth again threatened to break your train of thought, so you simply shoved your hand over her mouth, silencing her.“She’ll be fine, she’s just cumming—” Twilight paused, looking to Pinkie with a raised eyebrow, “—like a bucketload. She doesn’t look like she’s having a bad time though.”Looking to Pinkie, you could indeed confirm that she was definitely enjoying herself. That said, she was a little fucking weird. Who the fuck orgasms from giving a blowjob? “Hold on, Twilight. What do you want me to do specifically?” This wasn’t exactly going to plan. One minute you were teaching these girls how to suck dick, the next it was double premature ejaculation galore with one of the participants FUBAR. Not that you were necessarily complaining.“Uhm, just stand there. I need to check something.” You felt slightly perturbed as Twilight took your slab of cock in her hoof, glancing it over with something between nervousness and wonder. Then, with total disregard for your refractory period, she began to jerk it back and forth with slow motions, looking up at you and watching how your face changed.Luckily, her hooves were soft as fuck and you’d always had a thing for nerdy girls, so you quickly stiffened in her hoof, causing her to grin. “There, first phase is out of the way. Now, let me just…” She didn’t dive straight in like Pinkie but rather gave your head a small lick, causing your cock to bounce upwards and tap her tongue out of reflex.Satisfied, Twilight began to bring her mouth forwards and down onto your shaft, not gobbling it up like Pinkie, but slowly and incrementally taking more and more of your length until she reached about halfway before giving an experimental flick of her tongue. It did wonders for you, but she appeared to be fine. A frown in her eyes that couldn’t be met by her lips (due to your cock in her mouth), she inched her way further down until she had almost reached three quarters of the way, when suddenly and violently she ripped herself away, her eyes wide as she coughed and sputtered, panting and shaking her head. “Wh-why does that feel so good?”Looking at Twilight, you saw that she too had started to drip, a small layer of moisture running down her hind legs as she scrutinised your dick with a lustful stare. “Are you alright?” you asked, knowing it was probably an idiotic question, but wanting to be sure you hadn’t poisoned her or something.“Y-yeah, it feels a little strange to talk, but I don’t think I got it as bad as Pinkie.” She finished this sentence with a motion to the mare, who was literally dribbling your cum and pawing the ground like an animal cub, completely dazed. “Your penis, it does something to our throats… I don’t know, it almost feels like sex, but different.”You went to open your mouth, but Twilight cut you off by snapping ‘yes I know what sex feels like’ and you quickly shut up. How did she know what you were going to say? Maybe she isn’t a total prude. What a surprise.Or maybe she just learned it from her books. That one’s more likely. What a fucking dweeb. “Anyway, the point is, this isn’t documented anywhere,” Twilight continued, her eyes alight with a mixture of joy and arousal as she shook her flanks in excitement. “No one has ever even commented on this before!”You stifled a snicker. “You mean in your books, where you learned about sex?”“Yea-no!” Twilight stammered, shifting on her hooves as her ears folded back. “I mean in official, scientific papers! This is a totally new discovery! Don’t you know what this means, Anon?”“Uhh…” Turns out you didn’t.“It means that your special greeting could be a huge development for Equestria!” Softly biting her bottom lip, she glanced up at you. “I know you never intended it to be a sexual thing, but it looks as if this could be a groundbreaking discovery for recreational sex! Hypothetically, when a mare applies a significant amount of pressure to your penis, she and you ejaculate at the same time, and there’s no risk of pregnancy! Also, it’s faster and cleaner than sex, because the mare can just swallow your load!”Twilight. Twilight, Twilight, Twilight… You are fucking beautiful sometimes. Take back everything from earlier, you fucking love this dweeb. “That’s actually a really good point,” you said with a nod. “I never even considered the idea of a blowjob being used for sexual gratification. You’re a genius, Twilight.”Of course Twilight blushed from your comment, redder than a goddamn beetroot. “I mean, it’s still only a theory. we’d have to run extensive tests in order to come up with a definitive result, if you catch my drift...” Twilight said this whilst giving you the most studious attempt at bedroom eyes you’d ever seen. It was strangely endearing, not to mention that you definitely weren’t softening anytime soon, considering what you imagined these ‘tests’ might entail. “You mean you’ll have to suck my dick some more, right?” I mean, you were pretty sure, but you just wanted to set that in stone. “Well, yeah. For research purposes.” She seemed to affirm herself with a small nod, as if she wasn’t so convinced at first. “That and no other reason.”“Don’t forget about the greeting!” Pinkie piped up, finally standing straight again, though her legs still quivered and she didn’t seem to have finished leaking just yet. “Fwooboy, that was better than lava cake. No joke. And I Celestia-damned love lava cake. More than Pound and Pumpkin Cake, in fact. Tartarus, I even love it mo-”You slammed your hand over her mouth again. She’s clearly spunk drunk. “Open your mouth again, and you’re not getting anything in it. Capiche?”The pink mare instantly nodded. At least you know two ways to get her to stop talking now. You turn towards bookhorse. “Your house?”She nods, and you see her bite her bottom lip and rub her hind legs together, her blush becoming more intense than you previously believed possible.This is gonna be good.An hour ago you were going for a simple walk in the sun. Now you were sat in Twilight’s bedroom, preparing to have your cock ravaged for the sake of the biggest sexual advancement in Equestrian history. Ponyworld was strange. Twilight had left the room to ‘freshen up’, whatever the fuck that meant. In your head, you liked to imagine she was rubbing a quick one out just to make sure she could contain herself when it came to the main event, but she might have actually been powdering her nose, who knew. Pinkie was probably powdering her nose. Fucking junkie. Meanwhile, you were sitting on Twilight’s bed, letting your dick have a little R&R before Twilight’s ‘research’ started. You still weren’t completely convinced that research wasn’t another way of saying ‘a convenient excuse to suck you off’, but you didn’t care either. Twilight emerged from her en-suite bathroom within a couple of minutes, Pinkie in tow. The mares both looked reasonably flustered, but you could understand that considering your now fully naked form. “So…” Twilight started, clicking her tongue against the roof of her mouth. “Did you wanna go a little slower this time? Guide us through the motions?”Jesus, you thought they’d never ask. Hey look, they weren’t trying to go completely gung-ho on you anymore, maybe you wouldn’t cum in five seconds this time. “Alright, I’ll let you try first, Twilight. Pinkie doesn’t seem to even have a gag reflex if last time was any indication, so it’s best if I show you the ropes first, she’s not going to have half of the issues you are.”Twilight gave Pinkie a slightly envious look, but Pinkie looked more jealous that she was getting the first turn. Stepping over to the foot of the bed, you shifted forwards and allowed your legs to hang, your feet touching the floor as the cock between your legs swang back and forth, cushioned by your balls. “Now, the thing you’ve got to understand is, a blowjob isn’t just about this,” you grasped your cock as you said so, “but it’s about these too. It’s about teasing and exciting the senses, using every technique you can.”“But I don’t know any techniques…” Twilight whined, her eyebrow raising as she looked him up and down. “What if I mess it up?”“I’m going to guide you, alright? First off, the most important thing about a blowjob is to make sure that my penis remains wet and slippery all over at all times. You can lick it, slobber on it, put it in your mouth, or even spit on it if you wanna get dirty, but it only feels good if it’s nice and wet.”Twilight didn’t need to be told twice, leaning forwards and dribbling a small layer of spittle onto your now stirring cock, rubbing the liquid in with a hoof as she looked up at you. “Just like that?”“Exactly like that,” you grunted, her hoof the plushest thing that had ever graced your length, now for the second time. “The other thing you need to keep in mind is that this act is a share of control, and also an exercise of trust. You can take over, or you can allow me to take over, but what shows that you understand your partner is recognising what pleases them. If I react well to something, that means you’re doing well. If I’m not reacting so much, or I look in pain, that’s a good indication to stop.”“So, if I do this, how am I meant to know if you like it?” Twilight asked, taking her tongue and trailing liquid pleasure over your cock from base to tip, licking around your head and flicking over your tip as she stared up at you before reversing the motion, brushing down and past your shaft, down to your balls as she hummed out in a soft cadence. “I’ll—fucking hell—tell you, alright? That was good… that was good. Do more of that.”“How about this?” Twilight mused, planting a small kiss against your balls as she placed a hoof on your thigh, licking from one to the other and then nipping up and down your thigh as her hoof caressed it, slowly arriving back at your balls and giving them one long lap, dragging up and up, past your shaft and all the way to your head, finding a little of your precum presenting itself, ready and waiting to be tasted.Of course, she indulged, leaning forwards and placing her mouth over you, a soft and distinct hum reverberating through your twitching cock as she lapped up the smooth, silky residue, coating your tip in her saliva as she licked it all up like a good little bitch. You slowly regained control of your fluctuating breath, glancing down at Twilight with an awestruck smile. “The last thing I expected was a blowjob goddess to take over your body.”“I mean, I am an alicorn, which is kind of a goddess?” Twilight said with that adorable expression on her face that only really shined when she’d recently had cock in her mouth. Your cock, specifically.“Why does Twilight get to have all the fun?” Pinkie shoved Twilight out of the way, firmly planting herself in front of your shaft. I mean, hey, you weren’t gonna refuse her enthusiasm, nor the mouth that seemed capable of devouring eight inches like an ice cream cone. Pinkie took a sample of your precum, swilling it around in her mouth like some kind of professional whiskey taster, ‘mhh’ing and ‘ahh’ing at the taste, one she was definitely beginning to enjoy. You wanted to grab her hair and shove her down onto your painfully hard member, but you held some restraint — they still had to properly learn what to do, and you didn’t want the pink pony to be a quivering mess on the floor for another 10 minutes.Holding her by the head, you slowly led her down to your pulsating erection. “Alright, I want you to try and emulate what you did earlier. Just wrap your mouth around my cock, slowly slide up and—ohhhh fuck...” You sat there in ecstasy as the party ponker did exactly as you instructed,  placing her tender, loving mouth around you and slowly shifting her head up and down, up and down... Her tongue massaged your tip as she manoeuvred around, slathering the rest of your cock with her warm saliva. You pushed her a bit further each time, your arms tensing up, and you felt her twitch with more intensity on each slide down, her throat tightening around you like a vice as your mutual pleasure gradually congealed with each salacious slurp and sip of your seeping seed, her sucking and squalling solidifying your sordid satisfactions.You fought through the urge to take control, to push her down and fuck the shit out of her throat, to own her and dominate her, to give Twilight a real example of what the fuck a blowjob was, because you were a nice guy and you were a little afraid of alicorn magic. Instead, you laid there and took it as Pinkie’s moans increased in volume with each dip of her head, each small choke as your tip hit the back of her throat and she neglected to come up for air, too focused on giving you every ounce of her seemingly boundless energy.You knew she had to be getting off by now, but she seemed to have it a little more under control this time. Maybe she’d adapted to it, maybe she was just putting on a brave face, but you were determined to test the waters. An evil smirk on your face, you pushed forwards with a small thrust, bucking your hips and pushing your cock deeper into Pinkie’s maw, and the effect was instantaneous. She froze up, her eyes widening as you saw her literally squirt onto the carpet behind you, drawing Twilight’s gaze away from your cock for the first time in a straight minute.“Anon, that’s it! That’s one of the things we need to test!” Twilight said with a perverse energy, nearing you and standing between you and Pinkie, who was still lightly spasming from your singular thrust. “We need to see just how much stimulation you can give a mare orally, so whatever you just did, do it again?”You looked to Pinkie; you may have been an asshole, but you wanted to make sure that she was fine with this. The want in her dilated pupils told you she most certainly was, or maybe it was the cocaine. Maybe even both. That must be one hell of a dual sensation.You slid Pinkie down your shaft as she began to shiver from the feeling, her legs buckling. Suddenly, she seized up as she squirted again, and Twilight started writing something down on a notepad that appeared out of damn nowhere. You glared at her, brow askew. “Christ, you really know how to ruin the mood, don’t you?”Twilight’s eyes flicked up to you for barely a second before returning to her notes. No response, no reaction, just the continuation of pen and pad. You sighed, returning your gaze to the pink horse on your dick. Her cheeks were stretched wide from the mouthful you’re giving her and her eyes lacked any sort of focus.Hell, maybe there was moonshine in your cum. Whatever, time to kick things up a notch. Grabbing the back of her mane, you lifted her back before forcing her down on your cock, impaling her with your entire length as you felt her throat spasm against your tip. She actually looked as if she was struggling to breathe now, holy fuck. Had you finally broken her invisible gag reflex?Time to find out. Motioning her head up and down as her body went limp and surrendered to your instructions, you pulled her head up and down like perfect pink pony fucksleeve, thrusting deeper and deeper into the back of her throat, the idea of coating her insides and giving her a stomachful of your sperm gradually growing more appealing with every passing second as all the while Twilight watched and scribbled, watched and scribbled.You were seriously getting into it right now, Pinkie barely cognizant as you continued to push yourself further, pounding her mouth like she so clearly wanted, hearing every muffled shriek and watching her snout make adorable little flares whenever you pushed forwards, clearly the only way she could still breathe. A small, evil part of you considered cutting off her air supply for a few moments. Would it be so terrible to choke the junkie as she choked on you?Nah, you didn’t wanna use her up too quickly. Moving back until her tongue brushed against your tip, lightly pressing up as she panted from the second of oxygen, you forced your way back in, limiting her reprieve as you massaged her throat with long, deep strokes of your thick cock. There was a semblance of music in the room, the sound of Pinkie’s groans trilling onto your tip, the tap of her tongue against your throbbing cock as you pulled back, and the torturous tutting of Twilight as she continued to consider and record everything, studying and scrutinising your sexual prowess.This made you pretty pissed, being judged like that, so you decided to do something about it. Unfortunately, your anger also translated to your speeding up in your motions, banging Pinkie’s throat into next week as her ears pinned against her head, the carpet now soaked in her still leaking juices—how did she produce that much? With a powerful push, you bucked your hips just as you forced her head down, reversing the rhythm so she couldn’t move back or come up for air, keeping her pinned on your dick like a pony flagpole as your cock beat in her mouth, her eyes watering as she struggled to maintain the position. After about ten seconds of having your cock cuddled by the softest aperture known to man, you relented, releasing her mane. She fell back with a heavy pant, her breathing erratic as she fell into a pool of her own cum, writhing around in it like a total slut as her breathing slowed, her eyes beginning to look faint. You were barely holding up yourself, fuck that felt good. There, that’s one thing out of the way. Next, you grabbed Sparkle’s notes and tossed them across the room. “Twi, I think it’d be better for your ‘research’ if you experienced the whole thing first hand.” You grabbed your new sex toy and carried her over the bed before placing her in front of where you had seated yourself and rubbing your dick against her cheek. “Open up?”Twilight gave you a sharp glare but took you in her mouth easily enough. Her head glided much like Pinkie’s, but with less blind enthusiasm and more precision, her tongue hitting all of your most sensitive points and causing you to let loose a short series of husky moans, gradually increasing in intensity as she increased her pace. Instead of the softness of Pinkie, the depths of Twilight’s throat was silken and moist, and with each slide of her tongue, you could feel yourself finding it harder and harder to contain your growing urge to bust in her mouth, to give her something to swallow. You gripped the back of her head, quickly pulling her down as she continued to suffocate your cock with warm, sticky moisture. The purple pony shook in surprise and attempted to push herself off of you, but you held firm, continuing to pump her up and down your cock. You fucked into her with wild abandon, a billowing heat rising inside of your stomach as her electric tongue shocked your senses, bringing you ever-so-closer to the edge you’d felt coming ever since Pinkie brushed against your length for the first time.Twilight was already completely gone, her escape attempts faltering to the point that she was only able to weakly paw at your leg, her fur tingling against your thigh as you spurred yourself on, driven by the grip of her lubricious throat and the timid brush of her hoof as she allowed herself to be utterly taken control of, her hooves buckling as she attempted to stay upright what with the steady stream of marecum now gushing out of her.You couldn’t bear to look at it anymore, to feel it, to be caught in this perfect moment and hold off on your peak any longer. You were on the precipice of explosion, your mind shattered by these amazing mares and their equally amazing tongues, and you thought it was about time you gave Twilight something for all of her hard work.You pulled her off of your cock and held her jaw open with a thumb, shooting your hot, steaming load all over her face as she feebly flinched in protest, her eyelids fluttering even as her pussy dripped against the carpet, the solitary moment an eternity of holy fuck as you ascended to a state transcending the physical, the possible, the tangible, breaking the limit on how fucking good a guy could feel as you splashed your reward all over her needy face, just like she deserved. The first spurt missed her mouth, instead coating her face with cloudy white and causing Twilight’s tongue to loll from the sudden scent, rapidly cooling, creamy cum coating her cheeks. Your second shot landed straight in her mouth, covering her tongue and glazing the inside of her mouth; she closed it by instinct, swallowing the lot.The image of her swallowing your load only intensified the feeling shooting through your body as you tapped your cock against her closed muzzle, a spray of droplets leaking from your tip and coating her face as her tongue quickly moved to lap up the mess. You jerked yourself dry for her, making sure to cover her entire face until your cum dripped from her fuzzy fur, her chest rising and falling at an incredible speed as the last of your orgasm finally faded.You felt yourself fall back onto the bed with laboured breaths, your energy spent. Your heart was pounding in your chest, but you couldn’t help but smile as you watched Twilight lick up the last remnants of your seed—you’d done good, soldier.Some shuffling broke you from your trance, and you pushed yourself up to see Pinkie through some miracle having recovered from her cum coma. Ignoring you entirely, she stumbles over to her purple friend and gazes into her eye for a moment before locking lips with the dazed alicorn. You could swear you felt time slow from the intensity of her kiss, your poor tortured cock waking once more. Could you really go for three?Pinkie began assaulting Twilight with a barrage of French kisses, barely pausing to take breaths before diving right back into her full frontal assault. The pink pony’s tongue pushed past her purple lips and towards the pit of her throat, licking and stabbing at her as she tried to syphon out any measure of cum she could. Twilight appeared to briefly die. Like literally, it looked as if life completely left her, and as soon as Pinkie pulled back she let loose a lengthy huff, her eyes shining with what could only be described as post-orgasm divinity; if there was an ascension past alicorn, she would have just had it with how much she came, squirting a tenth of her body weight, soaking the carpet as her pussy acted like a fire sprinkler, extinguishing any hopes of you not hardening again. Did Pinkie just… tonguefuck her? Holy shit, that’s hot. Ridiculously hot. You guessed there really were no limits to pony erogenous zones, just like there seemed to be little limit to how much they could turn you the fuck on. Twilight wasn’t taking that laying down. Or rather, she wasn’t taking it quivering and shooting a progressively increasing amount of her juices all over the floor. Still trailing cum down her legs, she returned the gesture, starting with a simple, sweet kiss, her tongue softly rubbing against Pinkie’s as they shared a moan between their mouths. The euphoria of their mutual sensation was only heightening as Twilight pushed her tongue further, wriggling deeper into Pinkie’s mouth, exploring every crevice as she forced Pinkie to let loose a long, powerful purr, her tail swirling in small circles as light jets of her juices matted it.If you were to die today from these mares, it was all worth it if only for that image.Summoning the power that resided deep inside of you (you carried on writing at four am), you brought your somehow semi to an upright position, watching the mares play tongue hockey with soft and lavish licks as you pulled back your foreskin, practising that up and down motion your hand was so acquainted with.It didn’t take you long to get back into the swing of things; they were completely drenched, and it was a feast on the eyes. You whistled, hoping to get their attention, but they were so enveloped in the trancelike state of back and forth kisses and licks and throat plunder that you were fairly sure they’d forgotten you existed. That wouldn’t do.Standing, you rushed over to them, part of your pride wounded that you’d been reduced to going to them, the majority of you telling your pride to shut the fuck up and stop being a gay little bitch as you planted your cock in front of the mares, both of their tongues sliding against it as you parted the red sea of tongue with your meat. They turned to you, kissing and sucking at the sides of your cock in a rhythmic fashion, wrapping their lips around both sides as a perfect unit as they began to move up and down its length in opposite directions, one heading down to your balls for a taste, the other giving your tip a tongue bath and planting your cock firmly in her mouth before pulling back and motioning Pinkie’s head up with a hoof, starting at the base and working their way up to the tip, as well as eleven out of ten on the sensation scale. Everything’s better when you do it together, and these two definitely knew how to do it together. They lapped at your cock like a pair of thirsty, needy puppies desperate for your satisfaction and approval, driven by insatiable lust as they planted kisses on your shaft, Pinkie dragging her bottom lip up and brushing it against your head as Twilight in a moment of adventure lightly bit down on your thigh, the mixed pain and pleasure coalescing to form something that a poet might refer to as rapture, but you just called ‘fucking amazing’. You really weren’t prepared for what came next. Pinkie and Twilight began to snake their tongues over and around your cock, slowly making out with each other around it even as they continued to rub their wet, smooth tongues over you, working up to your head and smooching around it as their lips lightly smacked against you, incorporating your precum and letting strings of it sit between their mouths and your cock as you lost all control, grabbing your cock and jerking it onto their mouths as they relentlessly kissed and licked and sucked…You thought you had seen everything, but this was something new entirely. To think that your day had started with a simple walk, yet look how far you had come, look how close you were to busting again, this time all over the pair of them as they restlessly worked on you and each other like good friends often do. Pinkie Pie, the mare that could fit anything in her throat and keep going after twenty rounds was moving like a pornstar, no limits, no restraints, and Twilight Sparkle, the Princess of Blowjobs herself, her wings fluttering as she stamped her hind leg, her eyes tightly bunched shut as she nurtured your cock, bringing you closer and closer…You couldn’t handle it anymore. For the final time, your balls tensed before unleashing wave after wave of liquid brilliance onto the two of them, covering their faces and basting them in your cum. They didn’t even break their kisses, too immersed in their enjoyment as they continued to be blasted by every last string of your cum, some landing between their tongues as they lapped it up and fought over it.Fuck, that was perfect. After they’d came two or three more times—which really didn’t take long—Twilight got to cleaning up the room, which really was a small spell to wipe some of the cum away. She seemed too exhausted to do anything else. The three of you laid on the carpet snuggled together, a wide grin on each of your faces as you considered how your discovery would better Equestria, as well as your now drastically improved sex life.Suddenly, you heard the door to the room swing open and a voice tear through the lovely afterglow that you and the girls were coming down from. Is every being in the world just born with complete retardation to noticing social cues?“Twilight? Pinkie? Anon? What are you doing on the floor?” Some loud sniffs. “And why does it smell so much of sweat and...cum? Were you guys having sex?”You groan, managing to push yourself up into a sitting position, but before you’re able to answer, Pinkie bounced up onto all fours, somehow in her normal state. How did she recover so quickly? “Oh, oh, Spikey! You won’t believe this, Anon just showed us the greeting that humans do!” She turns towards you with a grin on her face. Oh no. Please don’t say what you think she’s going to say.“Why don’t you show him, Anon?”You grab your clothes and begin power walking the fuck out of there. Right as you pass through the doorway, you feel yourself leave the comfort of the ground as Twilight drags you back into the room with her magic. “Come on, Anon, teaching everyone how to greet you will make you much more comfortable here, right?”…Hopefully, he doesn’t bite.You groaned as you walked out of the classroom, stretching your neck slightly and feeling the muscles and tendons pop comfortably back into place. You had never liked morning lectures…It wasn’t that you hated university. Hell, you had told Celestia that you’d already gotten your bachelor’s degree in commerce with a concentration in accounting, but she’d still insisted that you enroll in the fall semester at Canterlot University.She’d tried to hide it in the typical pony bullcrap: “Oh, it will be such a good experience for you Anon! Such a good chance for you to go and meet new ponies and learn about your new home!”Yeah, right. You knew that she was just trying to get you out of the castle, where you’d been grumpily moping for the past few months since you’d discovered that your accidental trip to Equestria was a one-way ticket and you wouldn’t be heading back home any time soon.Still, you had to credit the large-butt-having alicorn: the past few weeks had actually been a lot of fun. You did like learning, and discovering how magic actually worked from a biological and scientific standpoint was fascinating to say the least. You were having a little more trouble handling the interaction part of the deal though, which you knew had been Celestia’s true aim all along. It wasn’t that your fellow students were rude or unkind… that seemed to be almost impossible for a pony to demonstrate: it was almost like they were biologically hard-wired for friendliness and compassion.But you were still the weird, pink-skinned, monkey creature… the rumours about your eating meat, coming from a lonely race with no contact with different sapient species… and of your sharp teeth didn’t help much either. You’d been last to be picked for pretty much any group project work, and you could really feel the eyes of other ponies follow you as you moved from class to class.This morning class was the worst offender. Not only was it scheduled before your brain had a chance to fully activate and begin processing the information of the day, but there was a particularly conspicuous pair of mares that seemed to focus on you in this class. They would sit behind or around you, never quite close enough to interact with when the lecture would wrap up, but always close enough that you would feel their presence.At first you thought that it might have just been your suspicious nature, and that they were just like any other pair of students in the class, but as time went along you began to notice whenever you dropped a pencil or shuffled your notes or papers, they would inevitably react.You weren’t sure how they were doing it, but you were positive that they were communicating somehow about you - perhaps some kind of a telepathy spell?In any case, you always felt their eyes on you - though they’d turn away quickly if you tried to return their stares.You were attempting to make your quick exit as the professor assigned the required readings for the following class, when the smaller, darker mare from your surveillance team grabbed your arm with a free hoof as you passed her. It was like an electric shock - you couldn’t believe that they’d escalated to actually touching you! You resisted the urge to jerk back your arm from the strange touch of her delicate hoof, but she couldn’t help noticing your stiffened tense posture and she seemed to wilt under your scrutiny.Seeing her face up close for the first time, you noticed that she was a real cutie. You’d long gotten over the fact that these adorable little creatures seemed attractive to you, and that some were more attractive to you than others. This mare’s big beautiful eyes and blushing face, her adorable little nose and her lovely mane were checking all the boxes for you.She nervously pulled her hoof back to her side, rubbing herself with it awkwardly as she seemed to struggle for words. This wasn’t what you were expecting at all… you thought that this mare had been secretly sniping and making fun of the big dumb alien… but now she looked positively nervous and…. Shy?It was making your cold heart melt as you could see her eyes darting back and forth in panic, too unsure of herself to make the first move as ponies walked around you.You slung your backpack onto one shoulder, flashed what you hoped was a friendly smile, and spoke. “Hey. What’s up?”The blush on her face seemed to burn three shades brighter, as she took a sudden interest in studying her hooves with a dopey grin on her face. She might have stood there for who knows how long, if she hadn’t been interrupted by her brownish-orange colored friend, who gave her a little hip-check to remind her to say something.“Uhh… h-h-hi! M-m-meet me in the West Wing at… t-two o’clock… please?” She stammered out, her eyes meeting yours briefly before looking elsewhere, trying not to meet your dumbfounded stare.You were just about to reply with a confused query response, when she suddenly shut her eyes tightly and ran out of the lecture hall, like some kind of spooked horse… OK well, that makes sense actually.The brownish unicorn friend looked over at her escaping compatriot with a disapproving shake of her muzzle and an eye roll. Before bringing her eyes back to you. She reached up a hoof in salutation as she began to leave. You could have sworn that you actually saw the letters ‘L8R’ on her underhoof before she began trotting away, but you shook your head in disbelief - it was probably just your brain playing tricks on you and interpreting her gesture literally.Right?A few hours later you were checking your watch as you headed toward the west wing. A big part of you wanted to just ditch this bizarre invitation - just who were these two mares anyway? This whole thing felt like it could be a really bad idea…Still, you went - something about that blushing nervous mare was too cute not to follow-up on… and wasn’t the whole point of you coming to this silly university to make friends with ponies? Maybe this was your first chance to connect outside of class with others?You turned a corner, coming into one of the hallways just outside a lecture hall, currently empty, and coming face to face with the two mares from your morning class.It was apparent that they had just been conversing with one another, and your sudden arrival put a damper on everything as an awkward silence descended over the three of you. Your eyes noticed that both mares had dressed a little differently for the occasion. The orange-brown mare was now wearing a pair of stockings and a long black t-shirt, her blushing dark gray colored friend had on a skirt and a purple hoodie sweater, which only revealed a hint of her wings beneath. She also had her own set of matching stockings adorning her hind legs. Your face began to heat up immediately as your brain thought, instantly: ‘C-cute…’The first one to speak was the orange and brown mare. Sort of.Your eyes did a double take as they tried to believe what they were seeing. It seemed, unbelievably, like she had a tattoo down her right arm, which was outstretched in greeting toward you.Hey there.Your mind was spinning, trying to catch up… why would she have such a strange tattoo on her arm? Was it really for situations like this? What was the point of something like that? In fact… did pony’s even get tattoos? Didn’t they have fu-Your train of thought was cut off, and your brain short-circuited, the letters were shifting right in front of your eyes! It was as if there was some kind of magical ink that was filling each and every individual hair of her fur, turning it a pitch black and quickly morphing the text to form new words.Are you just gonna stand there...She paused a moment, the space on her arm used up, before letting the words clear and other words replace them....with your mouth open?“Buh-buh wh-wha?” Your mouth struggled to form words as it raced to try to understand what was going on. Your eyes darted back and forth between the mare’s arm and her face and mouth, unsure of what to focus on for the purposes of communication.“S-sign! Stop it! You’re freaking him out!” Her friend spoke up suddenly, a look of concern on her features as she prodded her friend, trying to convince her not to mess with you any further. The lovely pegasus pony mare who’d just spoken looked over at you bashfully with her large, beautiful amber, colored eyes. “S-sorry, Sign loves to make ponies get flustered.” She nodded toward the other mare, who was making the motions of a laughing pony… but without making ANY sounds.“S-sign?” Your mouth managed to utter as you pointed at the mute pony, your head cocked in confusion as you still tried to catch up with everything.“Mhmm…” The gray pony nodded, smiling at you. “And my name is Charcoal.” She reached out a hoof to you in the universal gesture of greeting.“I’m An-anon.” You stammered, bumping your fist against her hoof, and turning toward Sign, who had also extended her own arm to greet you.We know all about YOU, Anon. The ink-black text formed on her other arm as you touched her hoof as well.“Y-you do?” You asked, an eyebrow cocked.Sign snorted, while rolling her eyes (so she could make some noises, after all.Of course. You are kind of a big deal in... This time she reared up and crossed her other arm over her chest to giver herself more writing area, revealing that she could do this writing trick on both arms....Equestria.“H-how are you doing that? Wh-why are you doing that?” You stammered out, half tempted to to reach out and touch the ponies changing fur.“Oh, that’s Sign’s special talent, she can change the coloration of any part of her body at will,” Charcoal explained, “she’s mute, so she tends to make good use of i-” Charcoal was cut off as a stiff jab from Sign landed on her shoulder, making her grimace and rub it.I can speak for myself, THANKS. Sign glowered at her friend, the writing capitalized on the final word as an added bit of snark.“S-sorry Sign-y, I just thought it’d help since he’s a little freaked to ‘hear’ the explanation, not READ it….” Charcoal motioned toward you as she tried to placate her friend.Sign simply rolled her eyes and pouted, crossing her arms.“I’m NOT freaked.” You grumbled. But, yeah, you were… kindah. “I’m not gonna lie, that’s a pretty incredible talent… is it really you controlling that? Can you make anything that you…” you shut your mouth as you watched Sign grin and begin to display an animated smiling pony face on her arm. The face winked at you.“Woah! That’s incredible!” You marvel at yet another wonder which you would have never seen back on Earth.“H-hey! Cut it out, Sign!” Charcoal whines, tugging at her friends black t-shirt, “You’re doing it again! You always steal the show…”Sign grinned evilly, sticking her tongue out at her friend, but this did make you wonder… why were you asked to come here anyway?“Uh… sorry to interrupt. B-but… why did you ask me here, again?” You stick your hands in your pockets, trying to act casual.Instantly, Charcoal begins to blush. The beet-red face that was present at the morning lecture has returned in a flash, and she starts to focus on a point on the ground, grinding one of her hooves and doing everything she could not to focus on your face. “Uh… umm… w-welll…”Sign rolled her eyes, letting words form as she reared up to cross her arms for maximum writing space again.If you won’t tell him, I will.Words spread across one arm. Charcoal read the line and simply nodded, embarrassed.We’ve been watching you, Anon. The text began to fill in and out in unison, creating a useful stream of communication that was easy to read. At first we were just curious. But you seem like a really nice guy. We wanted to get to know you better. You are actually pretty cute.As the words traced from left to right, you watched Charcoal get more and more shy, rearing up onto her rear legs and burying her face in her hooves, even though you could see her eyes darting between her friends arms and your face, looking for a reaction from you.You were skeptical, you knew that Equestria had different ideas about who should initiate relationships, what with the different gender ratios here, it was pretty common for a mare, or mares, to make the first move on stallions, at least according to the sociology classes you were taking… but you couldn't believe that you’d be experiencing the effect first hand! There was no way such an interesting and confident mare like Sign, and such an absolute beauty like Charcoal would be interested in you.“Y-yeah right…” You swallowed. “Are you guys just teasing me? I can’t believe that two gorgeous mares like you would like a weird monkey-creature like me.”Sign smirked, words forming on her right arm as she stepped over to Charcoal, pushing the gray pegasus-mare’s hooves down to reveal her face.I like you.Sign’s eyes took on a sultry look and went half-lidded as she took the hem of her friend’s skirt. Your eyes darted from Charcoal’s adorable smiling face down to the actions that Sign was performing, as she.... lifted… her friend’s skirt… to her bellybutton.She likes you.PIC OCCURS HERE DB POST #1667703You could see Charcoal’s nethers, dripping with hot, sticky juices, little strands of gossamer fluid connecting her beautiful inner thighs and darker, plump mound with one another.You’d seen pony-bits before… it was hard NOT to in a world of nudists, but never like this.Charcoal bit her lower lip, looking at you with a hopeful plea that instantly turned your heart into a mushy puddle.“I… uh…. Wh-...” You stammered, taking your shaking hands out of your pockets and bringing them to your chin.Sign laughed silently as she went back down to all fours and began walking toward you.I think we broke the little human.Before you could even begin to protest, she lowered her head and began to push you, gently but forcefully through the open door into the empty lecture hall. You barely put up any resistance as you looked over your shoulder at the two mares guiding you inward, you did notice that Charcoal shut the door behind her.“D-don’t worry Anon, there aren’t any classes in this wing for the rest of the day, we checked.” Charcoal smiles at you, clicking the lock on the door closed.“O-OK? Why would that worry me?” You ask, your brain still racing to catch up. Sign had stopped head-pushing you, walking over to join her friend instead, the pair of them eyeing you like hungry wolves.Because you’re going to buck us silly. Sign’s arm displayed as she licked her lips.“Wh-what!?” You half shouted. But the mares were already approaching you - could this really be happening?“I’m sorry Anon,” Charcoal sheepishly smiled, “I’d read in the articles about you that humans tend to take things a bit slower… but…” Charcoal’s had crossed the distance as she spoke, and put her muzzle into your denim clothed crotch, making you sit back on the professor’s desk, “...I was hoping that we could skip that, for today…” She looked up at you, with a smile, her warm, wet nose pressed against your inner thigh and your junk, which was quickly reacting favorably to the situation.Are all humans this meek when it comes to sex? Sign displayed at you, as she sultrily sashayed to your side, laying a warm, wet lick along the side of your neck.There was only so much that a red-blooded male could take before he went over the edge, the teasing about humans being weaklings was just the last straw. You had to stand up for yourself! You couldn’t be bullied around by two adorably cute, boopable, mares.... Could you?As Charcoal continued to sweetly moan into your hardening erection, and Sign kept licking your chin, your thoughts raced to all the possible consequences of going along with this. Celestia could get mad and throw you out of University? No. You could get entangled in a pony-romance that you had no idea what to do in? Maybe…. But there was something in you, a spirit of adventure perhaps, or maybe it was the fact that you hadn’t been laid for months now… or the fact that you were being so heavily desired by two beautiful females…Whatever it was, you were in. And if you were in, then you were going to have fun with this.“No, they’re not…” You grabbed the shoulders of Charcoal as you began to sit up, to their credit the aggressive mares didn’t pin you down - but you weren’t trying to escape, “but humans like to get their girls ready before they fuck.”As you finished this statement with a grin, you picked up the smaller pegasus mare bodily. You could feel her wings flapping and trying to spread under her hoodie. Lifting under her armpits, you twisted her around as she looked at you with a stunned expression, before finally sitting her on top of the professor's desk in the lecture hall, her cute butt plopping onto the beautiful cedar table so that she was facing you.“Wh-what are you doing?” Charcoal asked, her eyes looking a little scared at the predatory gleam in your eyes.You smiled back at her, ducking your head down as you lifted her skirt, revealing her dripping marehood. Immediately you were hit with a blast of hot, humid air that smelled of peppermint.“Eating you.”Charcoal squeaked, shifting and moving her legs closer together, momentarily squelching your view of her pussy. “Y-you can’t… stallions usually don’t… you don’t have to…”You put a hand on each of her thighs prying her legs apart as you dipped down past her cute belly button and small teats. Your eyes feasted upon the swollen, darker colored mound that was her marehood. The swollen lips belied a powerful ring of aroused muscle, and her winking, fat clitoris would push those lips open periodically, peeling back her throbbing petals to reveal a juicy, twisting, pink interior that clenched and swirled with a life of its own.“I’m no stallion.”With that you buried your nose right under her red-hot lovebud, feeling it throb and grind against your skin as your lips pressed in to her opening. She was small, which made sense given her size, but she was also strong. As your tongue lapped from the bottom of her pussy upwards, you could feel the clenching musculature threatening to pin it, to trap you inside her.“Hng, oh… y-yes!” You felt hooves on the back of your head as she began to press you deeper into her snatch. Unlike any romp you’d had back on Earth, the flavor and aroma were intoxicating, a heady, spicy musk of peppermint that made you desperate for more.Your eyes caught movement, and your vision was suddenly filled with Sign’s face. She’d hopped up onto the professor’s desk of her own accord, and was leaning in to watch your work up close. You didn’t stop your oral ministrations, but you marvelled internally as you watched words swirl and appear on Sign’s face, forming a phrase just under her cute freckles.Going to leave me out, hm? The words wiped away quickly and were replaced as she smirked up at you. She likes it… HERE.Sign’s horn suddenly illuminated, an orange glow appearing around it, and an instant later, also appearing around Charcoal’s clitoris. You crossed your eyes to look down your nose and watch the unicorn’s magic thrum with power, buzzing the helpless mare’s most sensitive bit.“OH C-CELESTIAaaaaa…..” Charcoal squeaked out, clenching your face even tighter, almost painfully. Her hips lifted slightly off the table and her legs fell further apart, as she tried to open herself completely to you. Her wings were fluttering and flapping under the hoodie as she writhed on her back.I think she’s about to... Appeared on one side of Sign’s cheek, and then a moment later a words appeared on the other side: POP!“Hng… F-f-f-fuuuuuuUUUUUUUUCK” Little spasms quickly turned into violent shakes, as the pegasus-pony under you began to show her terrifying strength. You had a first hand view as you watched her powerful muscles coil and uncoil, waves of pleasure cascading through her body, before her tight pussy began to quiver and then wink uncontrollably, again and again and again….Then she squirted.Or perhaps the more appropriate term would be gushed. Or flooded.In any case, you felt your shirt getting soaked as stream after stream of hot, sticky, mare-cum splashed out of her overwhelmed tunnel, desperately soaking itself in wanton pleasure.You stood up, wiping your chin of the dripping stickiness and looking down at your handiwork: a gasping, totally satisfied mare fully lying on her back, eyes closed and mouth open as she struggled vainly for breath.You were interrupted from your victory lap by the sensation of your pants being fiddled with, and you looked down to see that same orange glow surrounding your crotch. A quick glance over at Sign showed her looking at you mischievously, before writing passed over her arms.Good work stud. But no more... the message continued on the other arm, playing around, it’s time to… do her nice and quick like… a good stallion.As you were focusing on her message, she managed to unsnap your jeans buckle and unzip your fly. You didn’t have time to move your hands defensively before your jeans had been yanked down around your ankles. A moment later, your briefs were slipped down too. Suddenly your penis was freed, springing into view excitedly... it had been fully, impatiently erect for a while now, demanding attention.You brought your hands from Charcoal’s quivering hips to your groin as quickly as you could, looking to grab or hide (not an easy task) your manhood from Sign’s hungry eyes, but she quickly reached her hooves out to grab both your hands and keep them away from your treasure.Uh uh, let me... She smiled up at you, before focusing on your dick, you were happy to see that her eyes went a little wide and her mouth opened into a small ‘o’... you’d wondered how you might stack up to stallions. W-woah… you ARE a big boy.You were no slouch, that was for sure… a good 8 inches of good ol’ human dick, and enough girth to fill a soupcan.You felt Sign’s magic aura stroke you up and down, playing with your length as she chuckled silently, waggling your cock left and right like an obscene stick shift.No more playing around… it’s rude to keep a mare... still pinning your hands, Sign leaned forward and reached out with her tongue, the hot, wet, pink muscles starting right at your balls and slowly dragging up your shaft, her eyes never leaving yours before she finished her lavish lick by flicking your delicate head, all the while she’d let a word fill her cheeks teasingly letter by letter. Waaaaaaiting...Suddenly, she pushed you forward with her magic, a strong impulse on your behind making you almost stumble forward as the naughty unicorn used her telekinesis to line you up with her friend’s still quivering pussy.You clenched your eyes shut in abject pleasure as you felt the slick, squelching of her tight tunnel press against your fat cockhead, there was a momentary shudder as her small body resisted your size, accompanied by a moan from the hapless mare, but a half-second later the impossible tightness gave way, permitting your cock to push into her, displacing more sticky fluid out of her as you sank inch after fat inch into her cunt.“Oh f-fuck!” Charcoal moaned, her legs trying to wrap around your hips and pull you in. It was getting harder as you pushed further in, the tightness growing and becoming vise-like. All the while you were assaulted by such an incredible, volcanically hot, twisting and gripping swirl of muscle, while her fat clitoris darted in and out, grinding against the top of your shaft.Only a moment later, you felt your head press against something solid, with 2 inches of you still outside, and the little mare began to writhe and groan even louder. You had bottomed out in her small body, and instinct took over, your hips beginning their biological imperative to pump in and out of this female until you had bred her.As you withdraw, the little mare’s lips gripped at you, not wanting to let you out with your delivery of seed, the pink muscular walls of her inner vagina were being pulled outwards from their gripping suction, and the feeling was intense… almost as intense as the sudden buzzing of a magical field around your balls and pressing against your taint.Your eyes snapped open, and you looked down on a smiling Sign, her horn ignited and playing with some of your other more sensitive areas, with two words appearing on her cheeks.Fuck her.You proceeded to do just that, pumping in and out, with more vigor. It wasn’t long before Charcoal began catching her breath, moaning out your name as you pistoned in and out of her.“Ah… Ah-Anon… y-yes… m-more…”The spattering sounds of your union filled the empty lecture hall, a steady dripping and slapping of flesh against flesh the only noises… and then you felt something inside Charcoal give. It was at the bottom of one of your more insistent strokes, but the barrier that was there before seemed to spread slightly. At this point you weren’t thinking clearly at all, and your biological imperative simply demanded that you cram more of your sex deeper into your filly, whatever the consequences. On the next stroke you felt an impossibly tight ring of muscle part, pinching your cockhead almost painfully, letting it barely squeeze through, and then it gave way.You slid all the way into Charcoal’s uterus, past her tiny cervix, hitting her completely and pushing a small bump up through her belly.It was the final straw for her.“Y-yeeeeeEEEEESSSSSSS!”Her shudders were transmitted to you through the legs wrapping around you, but were quickly forgotten as her vagina began to milk at your cock, begging for its stick release, the uterus spasming and attempting to coax your cockhead to blow it’s load right into her fertile womb.Her wings strained wildly against the constraining fabric of the hoodie, obviously not a pegasus-version, add they tried to extend to their full wing span.Fluid gushed in spurts from her snatch, soaking your groin as you pushed as deeply as you could, the twisting grip not letting you go in any direction but further in.You felt a pain in your gut and your balls as your urge to cum rose, you wouldn’t deny this mare, you’d give her your batter.You groaned loudly and prepared to shoot…Only for nothing to happen.Agonizingly you looked down, to see the glow of the magic field under your body and around the base of your cock. Sign had pressed deeply against your vas deferens, preventing the orgasmic spasms from overtaking you and leading to your ejaculatory throes of pleasure.Aside from a wicked, evil smile, there was only one thing on the mare’s face.My turn.Sign hopped up on the table fully, mounting her friend so that they were belly to belly, before flopping down on her and grinding her muzzle into Charcoal’s kissing her deeply as the pegasus-pony continued to ride out her orgasm.At the same time, you felt the magic field gently pull your cock free from the dark pussy it had been jammed into. With a nasty-sounding splorch, it sprung free of the tight marehood, followed by a flow of sticky mare-juice and pre-cum, which splattered down to the floor.The magic field stroked your cock a few times playfully, while Sign’s tail flicked back and forth playfully, before flagging up, pushing the black  t-shirt well out of the way and giving you the view of a lifetime.You had to catch your breath as you marvelled at what was before you. A delicious mare sandwich that you could only have dreamed of: On top beneath a wagging brown tail and the cutest little dock, was a beautiful, adorable, well-toned butt. In between those perfect round bundles of muscle was a tight ring of muscle, the sweetest, tightest tailhole you’d ever seen, you could understand why some ot the more vulgar stallions would call them ponuts.Below that was Sign’s marehood, much like her friends, it was a shade darker, and swollen with her arousal. It was much smaller though, perhaps some difference between unicorn and pegasus-pony physiology? In any case, you wondered whether you’d be able to fit a finger in there, let alone your tool… Sign’s clit was smaller too, just peeking in and out of its hiding spot, winking at a high frequency but showing less than her friend.And of course, mashed right up against Sign’s well rounded teats was the mare you’d just finished fucking until she had basically passed out. Her sweaty tail lashed between your legs as she responded to her friends ministrations.Yes, it was truly a sight to behold.You were jolted out of your reverie as the magical aura pulled your cock toward Sign’s winking plot. Your eyes widened as you saw writing slide across that beautiful ass aligned before you.FUCK my… PUSSY Anon. The letters seemed to throb with insistence as the magic pushed your cockhead against Sign’s opening.‘Holy shit.’ You thought immediately, ‘she’s fucking boiling’. The heat coming off of sign was an order of magnitude more than Charcoal. The musk from her wagging tail hit you a moment later, a cinnamon-y flavor that made you a little sad you hadn’t had a chance to eat this pony out too… maybe later.You started to press forward, and immediately wondered if you should maybe try to sneak one of your fingers in place of your dick instead… there was NO way that you were getting into SIgn’s tight little box. Your cockhead was painfully mashing up against her opening. She was relaxed and extremely aroused, you could tell that her lips were as spread as they could be… she was just… tight.FUCK… ME..“I’m trying! Fuck you’re tight!” You groaned at her.Sign groaned and tried wiggling her hips, grinding back and forth on your poor squished mushroom to try to wedge it inside herself. Her magic aura slid over and around her ass, pulling at the skin on either side of her tiny marehood, trying to open herself up for you to enter her more easily. Still you could quite push your steel-hard erection into her little snatch.Knowing that Sign wouldn’t give up until she was fucked, you got a little desperate, and brought your hand down against her right flank with a slap.An inky black shockwave exploded off of the point of contact, creating a ripple that washed away the ‘FUCK ME’ that had been on her ass cheeks.... And she loosened, almost imperceptibly, just a bit more.You slid in, agonizingly slowly. Her muscles weren’t as strong or grippy as her friend Charcoal, but she was tight, almost painfully so. You grimaced as you saw your shaft stuffing into her, fillinng and spreading her pussy so much that her marelips were pressing against her asshole.YOU'̘̤͈͈̞R̵̹͙̝̥̝E̤̯̮̬͍... ̶̤̘̠̞͓̥̫F͈U̫͇͞C̰̭̖̖͟KIN'͙̰̩ ̲̪̭͚H̹̖͕̬̻̫ͅṴ͕̲͕̩͔ͅG̨̗̝̠͓̼E͎̮̣More words appeared across her ass cheeks, as you sank another half-inch into her. You noticed that the inky text seemed to be bleeding and distorting strangely. Sign had stopped kissing on the semi-conscious Charcoal, her head now raised in a silent, eyes-shut moan as you slowly plowed into her depths.S̵̠̍͗L̹̠̿͑̉͌̌̕OW ͕̪͔̗̅͡P̶̲̦͇͋L͋ͥͨE͍̝ͦ́A̷̹͕SE... ̼̹ͥH̟̔͞O̹ͥḶ̜͊̓ͣ̎́̂Y̡͓̰̯̳̖̞͍̌̌̿ ̤̜ͪ̀̋S̡͊Ḧ̀͏̲̠̼̯̤ͅI͖͓̳̱̭͓ͯ́ͣ͛ͨT̪͉͙̜̈You sank another inch, halfway into her now, before feeling her cervix prevent you from going any further. The moment that you touched her something incredible happened.Sign began to shudder, her body trembling violently and her hips twerking up and down, pivoting on your shaft as her head lashed back and forth. You couldn’t believe it, but she was cumming already… either she had been incredibly worked up from watching her friend get fucked by you, or Sign was something of a quick shot… or maybe she found cervical contact incredibly arousing.You weren’t thinking about the why at the moment… you were focused on the show.First the strange, half broken words on her ass had begun to melt, as if they were being pulled by the force of gravity instead of bending themselves to Sign’s will, running down her skin uncontrollably like streaks of rain. Then a new ink spot appeared: it had started as a small black dot in the center of her lower back, before it exploded.The best comparison you had for it was fireworks.The dot burst into little black sparkles, streaks shooting out across her back, under her T-shirt, before exploding out into more little starbursts and racing across her body, in less than a second little black contrails were racing all over Sign’s body, rebounding and curving in erratic patterns of beautiful chaos… then the ripples started. Waves of rebounding ink seemed to pulse, starting at the base of the unicorn’s neck and shooting out in waves over the already exploding patterns, throbbing faster and faster and faster… you realised quickly that the waves were connected right to her nerves, as the pulses would slide over her ass, making her ponut clench and tighten and her snatch choke your cock painfully, milking it as she came on your dick.You were torn between the captivation of the show and the impossibly erotic feeling of such a tight marehood demanding your essence.You began to thrust, ever so slightly, in and out.In and out.As you did so, the kaleidoscoping ink patterns shuddered and breathed from your thrusts, throbbing with each pistoning motion.In and out. In and out.Each thrust bottoming a little bit deeper, pressing Sign’s cervix a little further back, knocking at her most deep and internal door.In and out. In and out. Faster and faster.The inky patterns was starting to come back under control, fading back into her brown fur. On her ass, confused and cluttered lines struggled to arrange themselves.Garbled nonsense, trying to convey something to you.Y̪͍̯͎̼͍̘̊̾̓ͮ͆̕͝Ë̢͚ͧ̿̅͒͆̋ͦ́͟S̸̵͓̙̐̃̒ͥͫͮ̾̒ ̜̞̖̮̝͈̟̈́̓͢B̷͖͍̆̂̔ͦͦ̈́̍̇R̷̸̛̞̟̥̙ͩ̓E̵̮̙̯͕̻͎͎̠ͦ͒̀ͮ̀͟E͈̱̰̥̬͇̥̻͊̐ͬ̓ͮ̅̚̕̕ͅD̛ͫ̂͐̍͒̆́҉̩̜̝̘̘̭̙̥ ̧̤͔̹͑͘M̴̶͍͖̖̹͓͙̝̐̆̆ͥE̳͇̠̭̰̅̆ͦ̂ͥ̏̃͢….. ̵͍̪̺͉ͦ̾͐F̨͓̓̎̀Ū͕̙̯ͫ̌̒͢C̶̜͕̹͙͙̑̋ͦ͋̍ͪ̄K͔̱͓͉̭͕ͭ͗ͨ̎ͦ͑ͪ̈́͢ ̷̮̣̰͓͔͎̬ͩͨ̏͌M̶̸͔̫̖̣̝̠̤͈̑E̷̬͍͕͎̯̼̯̜̣ͥͫ̄ͩ̒͆͐͝ ̴̪̻̘͔̱ͫ́̏̊͟͜S̘̉ͥͮ͑͋̑ͯ͌E̶͑͋̈̎҉̫͚̜̟͙̱N̸̹̭̙̣͖͇̘̙͒̕͡S̢̤͈͔͔̘̬͇̋̈́͐̑ͥ̓ͅE̶̡̗̊̂ͨͦ̓ͭ̕L̶̶̼͎̖̖̦̣̦̩ͣ̎̓͌̃E̠͎̜̰̻̣̬̲ͤS̷̡̟͙̍̅̽͐Ş̱̝̑ͥ̇ͪ̊̓̄̕Some semblance of words started to come out of the haze of twisting letters and patterns.Ç͓̖̖͕̦̻U̳͉͚͈͈M̷̖̱ ͈͔̟̩̞I̷͍͉N͖S̭̤͖̖̣I̟̟̻ͅD͠Ḙ̷…. M̙̻͟E̤͎̟̮͞ ̮̲͔̺̤̟F́I̮̣̰̩͕̫L͙̫L̗̪̘̬ ̮̺͙̬̗͍M̪̫͈͇̱ͅE̫̮̣̰̳̞ ͇̞͈͓̪̠͍U̞̮̜̟̟P̧̣̲ͅYou could read it now, and you were determined to give her what she wanted. Your left hand gripped the base of her tail, yanking it up to get purchase to slam into her more insistently. A shockwave of black thrummed around her dock in excited pleasure.PLE̷A͟SÉ... ͘A͘NO͢NYou were on full autopilot now, all of your cock except the last little tip slamming in and out of her clenching tightness, slamming brutally against her deepest barrier as you tried desperately to completely fit your girth length into her.FUCK… ME..Each word throbbed and pulsated in tune with your thrusts, urging you on as if she were screaming the words again and again in visual form.Then it happened…. The tip of your fat, human cock slipped into her womb.And she exploded.All you could hear were the desperate and gasping breaths of Sign as she struggled to fill herself with as much oxygen as possible. All you could see was splashed of chaotic, kaleidoscopic splotches exploding all over Sign’s fur, a complete meltdown of her control over her talen as her brain short-circuited from her powerful orgasm. All you could feel was…Heaven.The little unicorn’s milking muscles pulled and begged you to release, the impossible tightness coming in spasmic waves as her clitoris tried to grind itself as far along your buried shaft as it could possibly extend, mashing into your lower belly. You could feel her aching cunt opening itself to your cockhead, while shutting it’s outerlips as tightly as possible, readying itself for the torrent of seed.You didn’t disappoint.After your first interrupted orgasm, your balls were filled to bursting, and the first thick rope of semen exploded from your cockslit, painting the womb in a coating of human spunk. You clung desperately to Sign’s hips, your buttocks clenching and thrusting on complete autopilot as you let out a cry.“FUUUUUUuuuuuck!”Rope after rope poured from you, you felt like you’d been edging for a week you were spraying so much batter into her. Her small womb was quickly becoming filled, a small bulge pushing out her belly, before the dam finally broke and your warm cum began to squirt from the tight seal between her lips and your base.Only after your twelth grunt, did you finally feel your orgasm subside, your cock twitching but no longer firing into this fertile young female.You looked up at the clock as you dizzily tried to keep your balance. 30 minutes. You’d been fucking for 30 minutes straight.Your head was starting to spin, and you tried to steady yourself as you slipped backwards away from the desk. Sign was completely out of it, her ink slowly fading into nothingness as a line of drool slipped from her open mouth.You almost failed to disconnect from her, but your semi-erect penis slid out with a wet PLOP followed by a gushing stream of white batter splattering onto Charcoal’s tail and the floor below. Falling onto your ass, you struggled and failed to keep your body off the ground, as you slid onto your side in a gasping heap.Before you lost consciousness, your last view was of a grinning Charcoal, who was still dreamily riding her sex-high, looking down at you.“Awww… I wanted a creampie too! Well, I’ve got dibs on the next one."Maybe university wasn’t so bad after all.Sapphire. About half a pound, give or take, and a decent enough shape to be cut into something presentable. Back on Earth, this little blue rock would have made you rich. Not here, though. You toss it into the wheelbarrow, your tired eyes wandering up to the clouds.The sky above the south field is full of them, and they’re doing a rather fantastic job of mimicking the dreary palette of greys that make up the rock-laden plains of the Pie family rock farm below. It wouldn’t be so bad if the trees dotted here and there had leaves on them, but they’ve long since fallen, and won’t be returning until Spring. As a result, the whole place is pretty much devoid of colour.You let out a sigh, your breath misting in the chill, autumn air. Your tried and tested jeans and t-shirt combo are doing little to keep you warm. The farmhouse—and by extension, your nice, warm bed—is only a stone’s throw away. But old Iggy would be grumbling for days if you came back with only the pitiful pile of gems currently occupying the bottom of the wheelbarrow.Long story short—rock farming sucks.It’s been about nine months since you washed up on the shore of the South Luna Sea, not having any recollection of how you got there. You roamed for days in the blazing heat of the San Palomino Desert, with only the clothes on your back and a basic instinct to find food and shelter.Instead, you found a talking horse.Well, maybe “talking” was a bit of a strong word, seeing as the mare in question wasn’t much of a conversationalist, but still… Maud’s family had been kind enough to take you in, as long as you helped out on the farm, of course. For that, you are eternally grateful.A door closes off in the distance, and you pause your reminiscing to glance towards the farmhouse. It looks just as dull and uninteresting as the rest of the farm, and the gravel path leading up to it is empty.With another sigh, you resign yourself to stop procrastinating. Picking up Jasper—your trusty pickaxe—you scour the ground for any sign of precious or semiprecious minerals. One of the small revelations of this strange new world is the apparent abundance of gemstones. Of course, they’re far from plentiful tonight, as you haven’t found anything in the past few hours, bar that pitiful sapphire. Well, pitiful by Equestrian standards, at least.“You missed some lapis,” a voice suddenly intones.You whirl around to find a frowning grey mare, sporting a bland dress of the same colour and deftly cradling a deep-blue pebble in her outstretched hoof. She tosses it into the wheelbarrow.“Jeez, Maud! I wish you wouldn’t do that!” you mutter, thanking your lucky stars it isn’t Constant-PMS Horse that had just crept up on you. That pony is a nutter. Maud, however, is probably the most down to earth pony you’ve met so far. “What are you even doing here, anyway? I thought you were practicing for your big poetry recital next week.”"Boulder was getting restless," the mare replies, holding up her other hoof. A black leash of some sort is tied around it, whilst the other end is fastened to a small grey rock trailing slightly behind her."Really?"Man, ponies are weird... Or maybe it’s just Maud.Maud gives a curt nod, her face expressionless as usual. “Also, my sister has been having a slight problem lately.”“Oh, no! N-n-n-no!” you yell, dropping Jasper into the wheelbarrow with a loud “clunk” and raising an arm to point at the farmhouse. “I don’t want anything to do with whatever crazy-ass scheme that psychotic fruit-flank is planning this time. I still have nightmares from when she tried to sell me to that sketchy looking griffin for a slab of diorite.”Maud blinks. “It was andesite.”“Like that matters! She tried to sell me for a rock!”Maud pauses for a second, presumably waiting for you to continue. When you instead turn to retrieve your discarded pickaxe, however, she continues. “It isn’t Limestone who has the problem.”You freeze, a dark feeling of dread flooding your chest. “Don’t be telling me ADHD Horse has landed.” You drop to your knees and grab the mare by her shoulders. “Please, don’t ruin my weekend!”Maud gives no reaction to your manhandling. “Pinkie won’t be visiting for another three months.”You breathe a sigh of relief, releasing the mare and slowly getting back to your feet. “Oh, thank Sunbutt for small miracles…”You can think of a million other things you’d rather be doing than be Pinkie Pie’s unwilling playmate for the weekend. That mare can talk the ass off a brass monkey.“Wait, that only leaves…”“Marble,” Maud finishes for you.“Marble?” you repeat, picturing the shy little mare in your mind. It’s not an easy feat to accomplish, seeing as she often avoids you like the pony pox. “Every time I so much as glance in her direction, she runs away. What could I possibly help her with?”“I believe she wishes to mate with you.”The pickaxe falls to the floor with a loud thud. “What now?” “She has a desire to partake in the act of coitus with you, for you to insert your penis into her-”“Yeah, yeah, I get it!” you quickly interrupt, waving her down. “But, wait—is this a joke?” Maud’s use of satire is unmatched by anyone you’ve met. You can never quite tell if she’s pulling your leg or not. “Has she mentioned this to you?”“No, but it is quite apparent. Do you not see it?”“Not particularly, no.”The mare stares vacantly for a moment. “I think you should attempt to court her.”“Oh… um… okay,” you say, coming to the swift conclusion that Maud has maybe headbutted one too many rocks. “I’ll keep that in mind,” you assure, stooping down to retrieve Jasper from the rock-strewn floor.Maud wanders off without another word, leaving you to contemplate if any of what she’s just told you is actually true.“Ah can gae yeh fifty bits,” the oddly Scottish sounding tradespony barks.“Fifty!?” you proclaim, thoroughly insulted. “She’s worth at least sixty five!”The tradespony raises a skeptical eyebrow, taking a long draw from his smoking pipe and pointing a weathered hoof toward the item in question. “Aye, but factor in the maintenance, lad.”A very angry Limestone Pie lies tied up in the middle of the busy marketplace. Thick ropes bind her legs, and there’s a large ball gag in her mouth. If looks could kill, both you and the tradespony would lie dead on the floor.“Fair point,” you surmise, firmly grasping and shaking the tradespony’s offered hoof. “You’ve got yourself a deal.”“Max!” yells an angry voice.Somehow, Limestone managed to free herself of the gag when you weren’t looking. She opens her mouth and lets slip a loud creaking sound. You’ve no time at all to consider the oddity of the situation, as you suddenly find yourself lying in your nice, warm bed.The soft click of a door closing creeps through your darkened bedroom, followed by the sound of a gust of wind from outside your window. You blink, mentally shrugging off the weird, yet oddly satisfying dream. Ponies have magic, an abundance of gemstones, and all manner of wonderful things, yet they lack double glazing.A thin sliver of moonlight from between the curtains illuminates a part of the room, and just as you’re about to close your eyes, something moves in the light. You pause, training a half lidded gaze on the source of the movement.The subtle outline of a pony presents itself, just peeking around the side of your bedside cabinet. What are you up to this time, Fruit Flank? Limestone Pie has acquired a rather annoying tendency to make you the victim of her various pranks. No doubt she has another hair-brained scheme that probably requires you to be asleep to be considered successful.She won’t be getting away with it this time.Lying perfectly still, you feign light snoring, waiting for the opportune moment to strike. Limestone, apparently reassured by the act, proceeds a little too hastily. She bumps into the bedside cabinet with a dull “thud,” causing the precariously perched box of matches on top of it to fall and hit her squarely on the muzzle.You barely held back a snort, but continue to lie still. The mare freezes for a few seconds, but ultimately concludes she’s gotten away with her little mess up. As soon as she reaches the bedside, you roll, taking the duvet with you and pinning the startled pony to the floor.“Nice try, Fruit Flank,” you whisper, snaking a hand in front of her muzzle. She responds with an oddly un-Limestone-ish “eep” as you set about locating the fallen matches with your other hand. Quickly finding them, you snatch the box up and jam it in your mouth, carefully retrieving a match and sparking it up.You grin down at your captive in the flickering light, only to falter in confusion. “... Marble?” There she is—her head poking out from beneath the blanket, forelegs pressed to her barrell and the long fringe of her two-toned grey mane hiding one of her pretty lavender eyes.You almost chuckle in surprise. Shy Pie has actually built up the courage to come snooping through your room in the middle of the night. As to what for, though, you’ve no idea. You’re just about to ask when a sharp pain shoots through your fingers, and you nearly drop the thoroughly burned match. Quickly lighting the candle on your bedside cabinet with it, you discard the ashy remains and level the trembling pony with a mock stare. “What are you doing here?”Marble blanches, still pinned on her side under the blanket and your legs. “I… I… um…” She then proceeds to emit a string of incoherent, barely audible horse noises. You can’t help but smile at her.“Did you get lost on the way back from the restroom or something?” you ask, getting to your feet and donning a violently pink dressing gown haphazardly hanging over the edge of the bed—courtesy of a very determined ADHD Horse. “I wouldn’t be surprised, what with that emo fringe. It’s a wonder you can see where you’re going half the time.”Upon being released, Marble curls up into a ball, averting her gaze from you. You can’t help but think back to what Maud said earlier. At first, you assumed it was just Maud being her usual, nutty self, yet Marble Pie is here—in your bedroom, and still hasn’t made an attempt to leave, despite now being free to do so.“Well?” you ask.“I… I just wanted to… watch you sleep,” she squeaks, her ears flat against her mane and her one visible eye still determined to avoid you.You blink, shooting the mare an incredulous look. “Wow… That doesn’t sound rapey at all,” you deadpan, before eventually grinning at her.“No! It’s not like that,” Marble says, finally looking at you directly. “I had a dream… A bad one,” she squeaks, with a visible shudder.“Really? What happened?”Marble gulps. “You were mauled by a m-manticore, then it dragged you off to the South Luna Ocean and… and… n-nopony ever saw you again!”“Ouch.” You saw a manticore once, and that was more than enough.“I-I just had to check to see you were still here… I know we don’t talk much, but it, um… wouldn't be the same on the farm if you weren’t around. You see, um, Ma and Pa like you, Maud likes you… and even Limestone likes you. She doesn’t normally like anypony, and even more so if they’re, um, not a pony.”You sit on the floor beside her and lean your back against the bedside. “Wow… That means a lot to me, Marble. Especially coming from you,” you chuckle.“I… um, l-like you too…” Marble trails off. You could’ve sworn she visibly paled at what she just said. “I mean, um, just in case you thought… um… that I… d-didn’t,” she stutters, her words eventually morphing into more adorable little horse noises.You grin, before lightly booping her on the nose with your fingertips. “I like you too, Shy Pie.”Marble’s face lights up at your words, her visible eye shining in the candlelight. “You… You do?”“Of course I do,” you reassure her, bringing a hand up to brush her fringe out of her face, revealing the other pretty lilac orb. “How could I not?” You half expect her to pull away, but instead, she leans into your feather-light touch. Her eyes eventually close into cute little arches, and one of her ears gives the most adorable of flicks.You’ve never seen her look so content before. “Would it be okay if… Could I… have a hug?” she whispers.“Sure,” you say, beginning to wonder. Was Maud really picking up on something that you’d missed? You lift your arm, and Marble rests her head on your chest, draping a forehoof over you. She has the finest, softest fur you’ve ever felt, not that you made a habit of going around feeling ponies up. In fact, the only other pony that has felt the need to hug you thus far is Ponk, though her hugs tended to be more on the… overly enthusiastic side.An ear flicks, brushing your chin, the soft breathing of the mare pressed against your side lulling you into a state of bliss. You catch her sneaking a glance up at you in the flickering candlelight, adorably burying her muzzle into your chest when she realises. You can’t help but smile.Minutes tick by, during which you begin to suspect Shy Pie really isn’t quite as shy as you’d first thought. Under the poor guise of adjusting herself to a more comfortable position, she turns, and lo and behold—a soft, grey hind leg sweeps over your waist.You never tied the dressing gown, and all you’re wearing underneath it is a pair of now very noticeably thin boxer shorts. Her tail brushes over your knee, her expression maintaining the picture of innocence you’ve come to expect. The warmth of her equine treasure spreads over your upper thigh—perilously close to your rapidly stiffening cock.“Um… Marble, what are you doing?” You ask, the rapt curiosity clouding your mind favouring questioning over mere observation. She had to know how provocative she was being… Nopony was this naive.“Umm… h-hugging you?” she softly replies, giving you the most endearing little smile.You pause for a moment, before a chuckle escapes your lips. “Y’know, there’s a difference between hugging, and, well…” You gesture to her hind legs straddling your waist, “this.”“Oh,” Marble squeaks, almost visibly deflating at your words. “You don’t like it… O-Okay, I’ll just-” She makes a move to get up, but you’d be a fucking idiot if you didn’t stop her.You’re no idiot.“Hold on a second, Shy Pie—did you hear me say I didn’t like it? I don’t think you did…” you point out, holding the adorable little mare against your chest.Her frown slowly dissipates, replaced with a blush visible even in the flickering candlelight. Ears lying flat against her mane, she levels you with a look that makes your heart beat just that little bit faster in your chest. “M-Max… Would it be okay if… C-Can I kiss you?”A split second, and a myriad of thoughts flash through your mind. Is it okay for you to kiss a pony? What if Igneous found out? Or Cloudy? There’re bound to be repercussions for you fooling around with their daughter.Too late. You’ve already pressed your lips to her muzzle. Like you were going to tell her no… please. The fuzzy sensation throws you a bit. As if you didn’t think her lips would have fur on them. She is a pony, after all. Other than that, the experience isn’t all that different from from what you remember. Better, in fact. Marble is so warm and fuzzy, and the feeling of her fur against the part of your chest not covered by dressing gown is simply divine.The mare shifts, the searing warmth beneath her tail edging ever so closer to the raging steel rod in your boxer shorts. You may have reservations about being intimate with an equine, but it’s pretty clear that your dick doesn't care.A bold pony tongue probes at your lips, your hands sliding through her flawlessly soft grey coat all the way up to her mane. You remember reading somewhere that some mares like having the back of their manes pulled by a stallion’s teeth. Your hand will probably be a good substitute, right?Fingers gently gripping her soft, silky strands, you gently apply tension. Marble wastes no time in voicing her approval—a long, deliciously lewd moan escaping her throat. She presses her tongue past your lips, and it collides with your own, the heavy texture and unique taste of her broad, equine muscle sending a flush to your cheeks.Your other hand captures one of her ears—a body part you had quickly learned was very sensitive for a pony—and you slide your thumb through the fuzzy fur covering it. Marble’s hips gyrate, the short distance between your crotch and the blissful heat between her hind legs being traversed almost instantly.You now have a decidedly wet pony cooch pressed against your dick, and the thin fabric of your sodden boxer shorts isn’t doing all that much to disguise the fact. The realisation hits you like a truck: Marble came to your room to fuck you.You break the kiss. “Uhh… Are you sure you want to do this? What if somepony walks in?”Marble pauses, levelling you with a half-lidded, one-eyed gaze, her lips curling into a deceptively innocent-looking smile. “Mmm-hmm.”Well, shit. You don’t need any more confirmation.You can smell the heavenly scent emanating from her marehood, and it’s making your mouth water in anticipation. Leaving the discarded blanket on the floor, you lift the mare up and gently place her on the bed. Marble lets out a small “eep,” but she doesn’t make a move to stop you. Instead, she just lies on her back, hind legs splayed wide open at the edge of the mattress and her forehooves covering her face.You’ve never seen a marehood in quite so much detail before, but it doesn’t take you long to realise she has the prettiest little pony cooch in Equestria. If you’re honest with yourself, you were expecting her horse-junk to be… well, just that—horse-junk. While her mare bits are definitely equine, they strike you as adorable more than anything else. Her coat thins the further you look below the two mounds between her hind legs, the smooth skin beneath it getting darker around her puffy grey slit.Gathering your resolve, you lean forward, gently pressing your lips to the mare’s navel. The soft fur tickles your chin, her warmth invading your skin, the feminine scent of pony already permeating your nostrils. The sound of her breath rushing in and out of her lungs cuts through the relative silence of the night, along with the soft thwap of her tail twitching against the bed. Holy hell, is she keen.You’ve barely even touched her. Yet. It’s time to change that.Your hands snake over her hips, fingertips gently scraping through her soft, warm coat. The mare groans her appreciation, the fur brushing past your lips becoming thinner and thinner as you go down… in the literal sense of the word.She’s practically panting now. You can feel her little heart hammering away in her ribcage through your fingertips. Her hind legs shift against your shoulders, and you flinch, your chin grinding to a halt between her soft, fleshy mounds. Those legs, they’re deceptive. Long, slender, unmistakably feminine, but with Marble being an earth mare, they could probably snap your neck in a heartbeat.Eh… the risk is worth it.Slipping lower still, something hot and wet grazes your chin, with quite a surprising amount of force. The fleshy assault awakens you from the miniature trance you seemed to have fallen into. Marble is no longer hiding behind her forehooves.“Max… Are you… were you going to… l-lick me?” she squeaks, eyes wide as dustbin lids, eyebrows having long since disappeared into her mane.She’s looking at you as if you just tried to shove a gerbil up her plot hole. “Uhh, I was maybe, umm… Yeah? Do you… Do you not like that sort of thing?” you mutter.Her cheeks redden, eyes flicking to anywhere but your curious gaze. “Well, um, I don’t know… Nopony has ever tried to… do that… down there, before,” she murmurs, her ears attempting to bury themselves in her mane. "It's just so... l-lewd."You’re not exactly familiar with common Equestrian mating practices, but it’s becoming a bit clearer that stallions perhaps don’t partake in drinking from the furry cup all that much. Marble isn’t voicing her approval, but her eyes are certainly suggesting she’s in an adventurous mood.Sliding your hands down her barrel, your palms slip into place, fingers in prime position. Marble gasps, throwing her head back to the mattress when your dexterous digits give one of her teats a gentle squeeze, your tongue descending on the other with a newfound thirst for pony flesh.The delicate texture and tangy taste of pony breast is a new experience, to say the least. It’s so soft and malleable, the tip of your tongue can barely find purchase, so you suck the nipple into your mouth.“Eeeeeep!”POP. “Jeez… Marble—be quiet! If Limestone walks in here right now, she’ll probably put a back leg through my eye socket!” You whisper-shout, chilled to the bone at the thought. That shit isn’t even an exaggeration, either. She’d take one look at you sucking on her little sister’s crotch tits and fucking murder you.“O-Okay!” Marble pants, her freaky horse-clit trying to launch itself out of her marehood and sock you on the chin again.Substituting your free hand in place of your mouth, your fingertips gently brush over her teats, periodically capturing the little fleshy nubbins in a gentle grip and causing a full body tremble to rattle all the way from her dock to her ears. You let your breath flow over her glistening cleft, the frantic winking of her clit every now and again not quite reaching far enough to come into contact with your slightly parted lips. Gods, she smells like heaven. It’s taking more and more effort to refrain from just diving in and sucking the delectable mare juice from her cooch.“M-Max… please…” Marble gasps, her breath jerky, chest rising and falling erratically, clit winking wildly.Her tone says it all. You cave, pressing your lips to hers, your tongue venturing as deep as you can manage right off the bat. Marble emits a sound so high pitched, it doesn’t have any real volume to it. Good thing, too. If Iggy walked in to find you munching on his daughter’s horse box like this, he’d have a fit. The alien sensation of strong, pony vaginal muscles gripping and even sucking your tongue, to a certain extent, catches you completely by surprise.This sweet little pony cooch is so desperate for something to grab onto, it almost makes you gag. Claiming back your tongue with a lewd-sounding “squelch”, you lean back for a moment, closing your eyes and letting the deposits of Marble’s arousal slide down your throat. She tastes like an earth mare should. Slightly sweet, deliciously tangy. Simply divine.The poor mare doesn’t even have a chance to protest at your brief pause, as you dive back down and capture her clit with your lips mid-wink, causing her tail to thwap forcefully against the raging hard on in your boxer shorts. The gentle lashing of your balls makes you jump, but not enough for you to stop lapping at her dripping cleft like you’re dying of thirst and she’s your favourite flavoured popsicle.Marble’s squeaks become steadily louder, her hind legs twitching about your shoulders as she practically writhes in bliss on your bed. You feast on her feminine treasure like a man possessed. Every time you swallow a small mouthful of accumulated mare juice, she winks, those strong walls partly ingesting your tongue again and rewarding you with a fresh helping of her sweet, pheromone laced desire.“Eeeeee-hmmmmph,” Marble shrieks, thankfully having the sense to stuff a forehoof in her mouth. Her hind legs finally clamp down on your head, securely locking your mouth to her rapidly twitching pussy as it fires a veritable torrent of mare cum directly down your throat.This time, you do gag, but Marble isn’t done with you. Five glorious gulps later, and the mare is still gushing into your mouth, hooves curled, back arched, legs locked, cute muffled moans filling the room and her marehood throbbing in time with her racing heartbeat as it continues to feed the sweet nectar of her femininity directly down your gullet.Only when you’re damn near passing out from lack of air do those strong earth pony hind legs finally relinquish the death grip they’ve got going on around your neck. You cough. You splutter. You fall to the floor with a big stupid grin.Marble Pie’s cum is all over your face, in your throat, dripping out of your fucking nose even because she pressed her pulsing twat so tightly to your lips and went off like a fire hydrant. “Holy shit,” you gurgle, still swallowing the evidence of her shame.The adamantium rod in your boxer shorts can be ignored no longer. Doing away with said boxer shorts entirely, you stand, your still-untied dressing gown not doing much to hide the flagpole between your legs.Marble is laying upright on the bed, all four trembling legs tucked beneath her, ears flat to her mane, regret spilling from her eyes. She’s looking at you like she just accidentally violated you. “M-Max… I’m so sorry, I…” Her gaze finally flicks to your dick jutting out from the parted fabric of the dressing gown, and the words die on her tongue.She stares. She stares like a little school filly that’s just stumbled upon a battered old copy of Playmare™ in the woods. It’s clear from her expression that she thinks she ought not to be looking at your manly bits, but she just can’t tear her gaze away.“What’re you looking at?” you mutter, feigning ignorance. You glance down at your cock, fully primed and starving for sweet shy-mare-pussy. “Well, shit. Look at that—I seem to have misplaced my shorts.”Marble’s jaw trembles, ears still flat, the eye not covered by mane wider than an Arizona crop circle. That broad pony tongue sweeps over her fuzzy lips as she seems to find her resolve. That’s just the invitation you were looking for.The squeaking springs of the mattress cut through the silence of the night, giving way to your mass as you lay down on your back next to Marble Pie. Arms behind your head, you simply wait.Sure enough, the adorably inquisitive mare next to you scrunches up her muzzle after barely a few seconds of pretending she wasn’t going to do anything. Her snoot slowly edges toward your standing member, sniffing away like a cocker-spaniel searching for a treat.Bump.The fur tickles your flesh, and she throws a timid glance at your face. You can only smile, your heart hammering with crippling anticipation as a soft hoof slides over one of your thighs, coming to rest just at the base of your cock, the fine fur brushing over your balls. It proceeds to angle your shaft towards her mouth, where her tongue just grazes your exposed glans, all the while her eye pierces you with that curious stare. The mare is working all kinds of magic, but she still looks to you for guidance. So innocent.You groan your appreciation, the grin plastered across your face widening. The sensation is so familiar, yet alien at the same time. She lifts her tongue, a lone strand of pre connecting it to the tip of your twitching manhood. The sight is both bliss, and agony. It serves you right for teasing her before.Thankfully, she doesn’t make you wait quite as long. After tepidly sampling your salty goodness, she decides that she likes it, her broad muscle sliding over your tip in between savouring your taste a couple more times. At long last, her lips part, and she slides your cock a good four inches into her mouth. It takes her a while to figure out the best method, but when she does, the heavenly sensation of hot, saliva-sodden flesh sliding rhythmically around the head of your cock damn near overwhelms you.Holy fucking shit, have you missed this. Blowjobs might well have went the way of the dodo in ponyland, but you’re infinitely glad Shy Pie has proven such a terrible theory wrong.“Damn, Marble,” you gasp, her lips sinking lower to engulf more of your shaft, the first stirrings of pent up release already beginning to twitch from the base. “Slow down! I think… I think I’m gonna…” you grunt, foregoing speech in order to fight the urge to plaster her tonsils with jizz. Yeah, you’re all worked up from eating her out, but she’s only been sucking your cock for like, two minutes, and you’re damn near ready to shoot.Of course, this only spurs the mare on, the frog of her hoof cradling your balls as she presses her muzzle down to your pubes. Fuck. You feel it. Her throat closing over your tip. It only lasts for a second before she splutters, pulling back with a wet cough, a mixture of pre and saliva dripping from her lips and a look of bewilderment on her face. Barely another second passes before she takes your throbbing length right back into the heavenly confines of her throat. Her eyes close, and you just know she’s holding her breath this time like a little fucking champ.You have no chance of holding out. “Oh gawd…” Your dick explodes, blasting Shy Pie’s gullet with the force of a firehose. She takes most of your load down her throat before pulling back out of reflex. The rest of your sticky white baby batter bathes her tongue in an instant, some of it dripping down her muzzle and falling onto your abdomen, but she just keeps on bobbing her head in between those cute little gulps.The sensation quickly overwhelms you. “Woah, woah, calm down, filly,” you pant, wheezing like you’ve just ran a small marathon. A gentle palm on Marble’s cheek slows her movements. She’s still trying to suck the last of the cum from your over-sensitive dick like it’s a carrot dipped in maple syrup. Pulling her mouth off of your abused member with an awfully lewd sounding “pop”, Shy Pie gives you a small smile. She’d look the picture of innocence if she didn’t have cum all over her muzzle. A few laps of her tongue later, and that too ends up in her belly.“Um… Did you… like it?” she asks, her ears perking up a little at your exhausted grin.“Do you even have to ask?” you pant, still trying to catch your breath.Marble deftly pushes herself to her hooves, lifting a foreleg into the air to step over your chest, but ends up second guessing herself. Her tail twitches behind her, flagging into the air. She doesn’t seem to have any control over it at all. After a few seconds, she builds up the courage to open her mouth. “Um… Max?”“Yeah?”“Will you… um… Can we… Can we have sex now?”Damn. She really is keen. “I’m gonna need a minute, Marble. You’ve worn me out a bit,” you chuckle. “Just, c’mere,” you add, patting the bed beside you.“I-I did?” Marble asks, with a disbelieving grin. She steps up to your torso, and you waste no time pulling the adorable little mare to your chest. “Eep!”“Yes, you did. But I think I might have something to keep you occupied,” you say, gently shifting the pony so that her side is pressed against your chest. You waste no time in sliding a hand down between her crotch tits to cup her marehood, gently applying a small amount of pressure with your fingers. Marble takes in a sharp breath, her muzzle bumping your chin. It’s pretty clear she gets the message.“O-Oh… my!” The pressure builds, and your hand shifts, allowing your middle finger to slip between her soft folds all the way to the knuckle. “Aieeeeeeeeee!” Marble moans, her muzzle knocking your jaw again as her hungry marehood tries in vain to ingest the rest of your hand. Damn… You can only imagine what heavenly sensations your dick might experience in her mare cavern.Another tail-flick lashes your groin, the silky strands getting tangled on your slowly reawakening manhood, spurred on by the clenching efforts of her inner walls on your finger. Hell, you can even feel her pulse through the inside of her cooch, it’s gripping you so tightly.Slipping your ring finger into the mix, you’re able to get a good flex going, though it’s still a challenge to fight against that notorious earth pony strength. Her vagina probably has a six pack tucked away in there. That’s what it feels like, anyway.“Hnngg… Nu… M-Max,” Marble moans, breath ragged, hips involutarily gyrating, ears flapping you in the face every now and again. “D-Don’t want to c-come yet… Want you i-inside m-me.”“But, I am,” you tease, kissing her on the forehead.“N-No,” she gasps, reaching down to your now fully erect cock. She just barely manages to graze it with a forehoof. “I want t-this.”Your dick agrees.Seeing as you’re outvoted, you pull your aching digits from her roided-out equine taco with a deliciously wet shlop, and the mare springs to her hooves like a gymnastics filly before you even have a chance to lick your fingers clean.She stands silently trembling on the bed, ears flat, head low, tail flagging wildly up and to the left, and her hind hooves turned slightly in on themselves so her glistening horse box is as visible as possible. As stated before, you’re no expert when it comes to pony mating habits, but even you can tell this pony desperately wants you to fuck her silly.You’re in no mood to disappoint.Getting to your knees, you discard the dressing gown, shuffling into place behind your sweet, shy little mare. Her head bows lower at your gentle touches to the marbles on her flanks, tail flagging perhaps even higher than before as you gently sweep it aside with a forearm, your raging cock desperate to penetrate that pretty little pony pussy.Palming your shaft, you line up perfectly, intent to give both yourself and Marble what you need the most right now: the deepest form of intimacy. Your glans presses against her thoroughly glazed flower, resistance a non-issue as those thick pony nether lips initially part and give way, up to a point.Shy Pie whimpers with lust, but she stays stock still, frozen by instinct as your cock meets the beginning of her depths. This inner ring is so desperate to latch onto your manhood, you’re finding it a little difficult to part the tide of pony flesh.With a bit of experimenting with a few different angles, you manage to ease the tip past her inner muscle. Hot, wet, delectably tight pressure envelops your glans in one swift motion, and you let out a gasp, digging your fingers into Marble’s flanks.“Oh, yes… M-Max… I’ve w-waited so long for this,” Marble moans, face buried in the mattress. You barely hear her, much too preoccupied with the overwhelmingly efficient efforts of her spasmodically clenching marehood to swallow your cock whole. It doesn’t take long for her gleaming ponut to press up against your pubic bone. Shit.You’re balls deep in a pony. If this isn’t ‘fitting in’ with the locals, then you don’t know what is.The ministrations of her freaky alien horse vagina intensify, the mare seeming to get herself even more and more worked up just from having a substantial mass inside her that she can latch onto. You haven’t even started fucking her properly yet, and she’s already ‘eep’-ing away like she’s going to crush your cock with another maregasm.Tighter and tighter her marehood clamps, but you don’t give up that easily. You’re not just going to kneel behind her and let her milk you like an animal. You’re going to fuck her. Pulling back, your dick stretches in almost painful protest, but your resolve won’t be broken. You slam into Marble’s pie like a spear through a melon, grabbing a fistful of her tail, right at the dock, for leverage. This probably wasn’t the smartest idea, as the mare throws back her head and belts out a screech that could wake a fucking corpse.“Fuck!” you groan, no longer caring. She just came, with you buried deep inside her. There aren’t even words to describe the experience. The pulsating, rhythmically gripping sensations very nearly have you blowing your load then and there, but you fight, pulling back and slamming forward again, over and over, until Marble’s legs give out, that is… She hits the mattress like a sack of spuds, your cock slipping out of her with a loud POP, arse-end landing in a puddle of her own cum.“Marble?” She might’ve lost consciousness, but after a few moments, the mare stirs, groggily opening her eyes, her gaze immediately landing on your rigid spire still pointing at the ceiling.“Y-You didn’t finish?” she squeaks, voice shaky, visible eye flicking to your fleshy pole with something akin to terror.“Don’t worry about that, we were way too loud. Somepony might’ve heard!” you panic, glancing around for your blanket. You grab it up off the floor. “You should probably get out of here before somepony finds us-”“No, you need to finish… i-inside m-me,” she murmurs, her ears hanging low again.“No, Marble, we should-”Without so much as a warning, Marble lunges, swallowing the rest of your sentence in one fell swoop. Her broader tongue easily beats yours in the brief battle. Strong forelegs find your shoulders, looping around your neck so you can’t escape. Her hind legs mimic the action with your hips, that damned earth pony strength playing to her advantage.“Mmmph, Marble, no. We have to hmmpmh-”You’re not quite sure how she manages it, but Shy Pie pins you to the bed, and manages to grind her sopping wet cleft up to the head of your cock. In one fluid motion, she fully impales herself with it, destroying the last of your resolve in the process. The manliest of manly grunts rattles your ribcage, and you gather the devious little mare up to your chest and roll, pinning the little pony on her back.A primal urge to simply go forth and multiply takes over, and you jackhammer into her little horse clam with all the potent virility of a thousand raging bulls. The freaky alien pussy does its thing again, clenching your pistoning length like a fleshy vice, but you’re invulnerable to its influence.“Yes… yes, M-Max… h-harder!”Marble manages to hold out through a few dozen wet slaps of flesh on sodden pony fur, but before too long, she’s gushing marecum all over your cock again in a full body spasm, all four of her legs clamping onto you so hard, you’re mildly concerned she might break your bones.“C-Cum ins-side m-me… P-Pleas-se!” the broken mare whimpers through the pounding, her muzzle buried into your neck, forehooves stroking your back in the desperate hope you’ll be done with her already. The breathless plea finally tips you over the edge, and the enrapturing bliss of release claims you, culminating at the base of your cock. She repeatedly licks and nips at your neck with her teeth, hind legs holding your hips firmly in place as the dam breaks, your seed pulsing deep inside the mare once, twice, thrice, four times… the euphoric sensation makes you lose count. Doesn’t matter. Your salty swimmers fully penetrate her cervix, and she breathes a heavy sigh of relief.As quickly as it vanished, reality sets in, the lust clouding your mind dissipating with the emptiness of your balls. You just fucked Shy Pie. The mare still clings to you, her tongue still lapping at your skin. Even though you’re exhausted, you need to haul ass before sompony finds you balls deep in their daughter. Or their sister.“Marble, I hate to kick you out of bed, but you should probably skedaddle before-” A muffled bang sounds from somewhere beyond your bedroom door, and you let out a yelp of questionable manliness. Shit. “Hide!”Marble isn’t given the chance to do anything other than throw a glance to the door before it’s flung open, the eerie silhouette of a mare standing in the frame, courtesy of the lit candelabra bathing the hallway in flickering light. The sight makes your toes curl in sheer terror. You can’t even move. Marble still won't let go of you.You know who it is before she even opens her mouth. “What the hell is going on here?” Limestone barks. Her eyes find you in an instant, and her scowl… vanishes? Yes… she’s smiling now. You know from experience that that is never a good thing. Oh, god. Why the fuck is she smiling?“Ah, I see our little plan worked.”How much time had past? A day? Maybe two? Hell, it could have been a week for all you know. Your legs burned, wandering aimlessly for however long has taken its toll on your body. But you can’t stop, leaving your position next to the Princess would be breaking the one task you had. Protect and serve the Princess at all costs. Footsteps and hoofsteps echo loudly in the crystal cavern you found yourselves in.Though it was quite dark, as most of the sparkling crystals had been mined and the place forgotten to the ages. A simple magic light from the tip of the mares horn ensured you both could at least see. There were a few old and quite honestly, rickety minecarts and rails still litter the cavern. But none seemed to lead to a way out. “Come on Anon… It has to be this way…” The pink pony ahead pants in exhaustion slightly, scraping her golden shoes against the rocky floor.“My Princess; it is ill advised to for you to drag your royal shoes. There would be no way to get them repaired before the wedding takes place.” The pink alicorn let out a frustrated groan then collapses onto the dusty floor. You just had to mention the wedding, you think tonight was the night of it… Maybe it was tomorrow? Your sense of time was quick to fade away the longer you spent down here.But regardless, Princess Cadence was set to marry Shining Armor. Captain of the Royal Guard,  and in all intent and purposes, your boss. Apparently she used to be his little sisters foalsitter, so they’ve known each other for a long time. Deep in the back of your mind you’re a bit jealous, but you’d never tell a soul. They were happy together and as long as she was happy, you were doing your job correctly.A whimper seems to come from the alicorn, snapping you from your thoughts. Cadence has her forehooves over her eyes, tears trickle down her cheeks and your instantly feel like someone stabbed an icicle into your heart. “I-I was supposed to be married…” Without thinking you gently rub her neck, kneeling beside her.Taking a few seconds, you think about what you’re going to say. “We’re going to make it out of here, besides, your little sister-in-law is in Canterlot right? Surely her and your husband will see through the ruse. It’s only a matter of time before Princess Celestia and Luna take down the changelings and find us. I’m sure they’re already looking for us now.” Surprisingly this seems to calm her down, but you know her all too well.Cadence is exhausted, just as you are. Her mane is disheveled, her coat stained with dust and dirt. Her eyes are dull and almost vacant, her wings hang limply at her sides with askew feathers. With no other choice, you take a deep breath and lift her up. She’s thankfully light, but offers no help as you lift her across your shoulders. “We’re getting out of here Princess, you have my word.” With that you set out once again, wandering the seemingly endless halls in search of the exit.You never expected to last this long. You’ve been at it for hours, it’s been one movement before the next for quite some time. Your body is beyond tired, your strength wanes, but your spirit is ever strong. Princess Cadence's hot breath in your ear urges you to continue on. But your energy is broken, muscles are sore, but thankfully nothing’s broken… Yet anyways. “P-Princess… I-I can’t go on anymore… I need to stop.” With shaking hands, you lift her from your shoulders and place the pony onto what looks to be an old resting stop.Once she is comfortable you collapse in a heap, panting for breath as your eyes close. You estimate you just walked for over three hours with her on your back. Let the sweet embracement of death take me away. A few clangs of metal reach your ears before a soft hoof gently touches your shoulder. “Thanks Anonymous, you’ve done more than your duty this evening.” Her hoof lingers for a little longer before pulling back, but not before brushing your cheek.With beads of sweat trickling down your face, you open your eyes to look up and Cadence. She’s staring at you with half lidded eyes, her nostrils flare a few times as she takes a couple of deep breaths. Her light purple eyes scan across your chest and down your stomach. A faint blush spreads across her cheeks before she seems to jolt to attention. Quickly averting her gaze, she clears her throat and bites her lip. “T-thanks again. I, um… N-never mind. Night!”With that said, she quickly turns over and starts to loudly fake snore. You’re a bit off put, but you’re too tired to question it. You remove your now ripped and dirty shirt, only imagining what the royal seamstresses will say to you. Not wearing any kind of armour made you feel a bit exposed, but you had no other choice. Using your now discarded shirt as a pillow, you tried to get as comfortable as possible to try and get some sleep.You don’t know how long you slept, but it wasn’t long. A quiet whimper quickly snaps your attention to life. The Princess is in trouble! Your training kicks in and you immediately roll to your feet. Taking a defensive stance, you wobble a bit on shaky legs and with a blurry vision, try to see the attacker. But there isn’t anyone. Princess Cadence raises her head quickly, blinking her eyes to focus on you.Cadence is sweating a bit, although the air was cool she’s visibly flushed As you catch her eyes, you see something deep inside them. Hunger. But not a look of hunger you’ve ever seen. “It’s ok Anon, I was just….” She pauses, her eyes trailing down your chest to your crotch with a smile. “Thinking.” Licking her lips she uncurls herself and starts slowly approaching you.This is a little creepy, you back away while trying to find your words. “A-are you feeling ok Princess?” As she comes closer and closer while her tail flags higher and higher. A spicy smell, almost like cotton candy in a way, instantly invades your nostrils. Within a few moments, a sudden realization comes and it feels like a rock got launched into your gut.She’s in heat.Princess Cadence is in heat, and you’re both stuck down here away from her husband. The way her eyes hungrily judge you like a lion does a slab of meat makes you very uncomfortable. You gently bump into the wall behind you and she is instantly nuzzing your stomach. Cadence takes a deep inhale, rubbing her cheek all over your skin with a look of bliss. “You’re scent is so, intoxicating Anon~.” The pink princess works her way down and buries her nose right in your crotch.You can’t do this, Shining Armor would kill you for taking advantage of his wife. Hell, Cadence would probably sic her aunts on you once she realizes what happened. As gently as you can, you grab her horn to pull her face out of your crotch. The smooth horn is warm to the touch, it fills your hand and provides great leverage. The alicorn lets out a squeak of surprise when you jerk her away, shivering as her horn seems to pulsate in your hand.Now with a few feet of room between the both of you, you step around her getting away from the wall. “Knock it off Princess, think of what Shining Armor would think. Your husband.” But sadly it seems reasoning with her seems off the table. With now flared wings, she once again sets her eyes on you.“He’s not here is he? Right now all I see is a nice, healthy, stallion who’s gone far too long without a roll in the hay, and little ol me~.” With a cheeky smirk, the princess of love gets ready to pounce. With her rump lifted in the air, a little wiggle and she bounds at you.But you’re most definitely quicker. A quick sidestep and a small redirect with your hands later, Cadence loses her hoofing, almost tripping over her own hooves. Clearly she didn’t expect you to move so fast. “You’re feisty. I like my stallions feisty.” Undeterred she tries again, lunging at you like a cat would to its prey. Which is exactly what you feel like.But you’re ready for her once more. Slightly angling your body to her, you let her slip past only to grab hold of her neck with your arm. Pinning her to your side as you squeeze in a headlock. You only hope this doesn’t get you banished to the moon or something as you hold Cadence tightly.She puts up a good fight, twisting and turning to try and throw you off. But you’re much stronger than her. Cadence’s cheeks flush red while she struggles to inhale. Just a little longer and she will be out like a light. Maybe once she’s unconscious you can make an escape, find your way back to Canterlot. You’ll be able to find help there and… A low moan escapes past her lips, snapping your attention to her tail as it lifts high.While you were distracted she nips your bare side, loosening your grip enough for her to wiggle out. The mare coughs a few times, weakly smiling up at you with her tongue out. “Shining says I can hold my breath for a long time, you know.” While you debate to turn tail and try to out run her, she quickly turns and spreads her hind legs. The Princess’s full musk hits your nose for the first time as she presents herself to you. “I’m also told I’m good in bed, but you can be the judge of that~.”You quickly nope and turn tail to run, but you immediately trip and fall to the floor. With the wind knocked from your chest you struggle to get air. Cadence giggles behind you, her hoof steps coming closer and closer. “Sorry about that Anon, but I couldn’t let you try to get away again.” You try and stand again only to find your feet seemingly tethered together. Then it hits you with a feeling of dread.She tied your boot laces together.The mare straddles your back, laying her sweating body against you. You feel her chest rising and falling with her breaths, her fur tickles your bare skin while her muzzle is pushed against the back of your head. One last shot. “Come on Princess, think of Shining Armor. Your husband.” Her soft lips touch your left ear, she even kisses it a few times making you shiver. You can’t help but feel the surge of pleasure that washes over you. “Please Cadence… Don’t make me do this…” In your mind all you can see is a little pile of ash, that’s all you will be after Shining blasts you to oblivion.With that said, she takes your ear between her teeth and pulls. It hurts a lot, but she holds fast as you weakly struggle. “Listen…” She says through clenched teeth. “I’ve waited many years for this… I’m a mare, not a saint. I’ve been very patient, but I can’t wait any longer.” With that she lets go and rolls you over roughly. Now that you can look at her, you see the fire in her beautiful eyes. “If Shining can’t get it up for me, then I had to find someone who can.” Her hoof firmly places itself onto your bulge. “So either you will give me what I want, or I will take what I want.” Now you can only think. She stands above you with authority you have rarely seen, her wings are flared and slightly pulsating.After a few seconds pass, no other noise then both of your breaths. You slowly raise your hands up and grab her shoulders. Cadence tenses a little bit, her eyes darting between yours before you pull her chest to yours. Your hand rest in the middle of her back, just above her wings. No words are spoken as you feel her body twitch. She shifts on her hind legs while a wet spot grows on your leg.Her cheek rubs against your as she whimpers into your ear. “It hurts Anonymous. Please.” You can’t do this. It goes against everything you’ve been trained for. All you’ve come to know about being her personal guard. But she needs your help, her fur stands up on end as her tail swishes vigorously.No matter what happened, or where you are. Your duty still stands. Protect the Princess at all costs. Serve her, and make sure she is fully happy. You hesitantly kiss her cheek, feeling the warmth of her flushed skin on your lips. “I’ll do whatever you need Princess, as your guard I shall hold my oath to serve.”She merely turns around to show herself to you. Her fluids trail down her inner thighs, her clitoris throbs as it winks at you. Her pink insides peek out slightly as a shudder runs down her spine. The musk is almost overwhelming. Even your comparatively weak smelling nose picks up her scent. It's smells a bit like strawberries and cotton candy. Sure you've caught a few glimpses here and there of mare bits, but this is the first one presented to you on a silver platter. Cadence looks so vulnerable right now, she's turned her head to look at you with hazy eyes.Your princess needs you. With a deep breath you sit up, putting you face to pussy with her. Her hips twitch as your breath tickles the outer lips. With an up close and personal view, one thought comes to mind.Shining is one lucky bastard.Cadence looks perfect. She has a very slim figure, but up close you can see her rump is still curved nicely with a little roundness. Under her, you can see her small teats. No bigger than tennis balls with very erect nipples. You grip her tail by the dock which earns a soft moan from the mare. From her smooth dock, to her perfect pucker. Her untouched depths down to her quivering clit. If this is the last thing you do before you get obliterated, or banished. You'll savor every damn moment of it.Gently placing your other hand on her lips, you feel just how soaked she is. Using your fingers you spread open her petals eliciting a surprised gasp from their host. Then you see the one thing that instantly gets you hard.She has a hymen.A very thin piece of skin blocks your view any deeper into her. She's pure, untouched by any other stallion. “Cadence…” There's a moment of hesitation but she is not standing for that. She pushes back suddenly, burying your face into her spread pussy. The taste is one you'll never forget. Her juice tingles on your tongue as you lap at her folds. All of your inhibitions go out the window as you eagerly begin eating her out. Her moans spur you on. Clenching muscles hug your tongue each time you drive it deep inside her.“Ohh~” Cadence’s voice reaches your ears but it barely registers. Using both hands now, you spread her wide as you can. She winks hard, her clit throbbing for attention. Admiring the view for a split second before diving back in. She gently rocks back and forth, moaning every few seconds as you explore her canal with your tongue.But not too long after you start, you feel her body start to quake. “O-oh Faust…. I'm going to-!” A surprise burst of a viscous fluid finds its way onto your tongue. It tastes slightly salty, but still delicious nonetheless. As you set to clean her, you feel a bump on your chin. Now your eyes are set to her love nub and you attack. When it winks past it's protective cover you seal your lips around it. A loud squeal of delight comes from Cadence as you suckle. Her bean quivers as your tongue lashes at it again and again.The princes shifts from hoof to her, letting her rump grind against your face. “Buck yes… Right th-ah!” As you rub down along her innards, you feel her magic take hold of the back of your head. Effectively pinning your to her backside. A series of squeaks and a high pitched screech left your face coated in her marecum. It tasted even sweeter then before surprisingly. Soon her front end collapses while she pants hard for breath. The sight of those sweet lips parted to show the un-touched barrier inside the tunnel. Scooting back a bit, you take a few moments to catch your breath.The only sound right now is Cadence breathing in and out rapidly, she babbles a little while her rump twitches every so often. But it seemed she wasn’t done. With a grunt of effort she manages to push her front end back up. Turning around her eyes set onto the now very noticeable bulge in your pants. A quick flare from her horn tore your pants and underwear clean off. “Now lay back and let me do all the work.”The pink pony now straddles your hips, her wet marehood touches the tip of your cock. Hands imminently find their way to her cutie marks to help stabilize. As soon as she lowers herself a bit more, you can feel her inside part as your length sinks in an inch. Her forehooves rest on your shoulders and she gazes into your eyes. “Please be gentle… It’s my first.” The soothing sound of her voice is calming.Putting one hand onto her cheek you gently cup it before pulling her face to yours. “Of course my Princess.” With a gentle kiss, you pull her down hard and spear inside. There is little resistance as your pointed tip easily tears though the thin web of skin. A sharp cry of pain is caught in Cadences throat, her body goes rigid before you stop pulling her down.A few moments pass, allowing her canal to get used to your size. A few tears run down her cheeks, your thumb rubbing them away. “You are my first Anonymous. Shall we continue?” As if she even needed to ask anyways. With a short pull up, the princess lets herself sink even lower. With about half your shaft into her, you can’t imagine how you haven’t busted inside of her yet. The silky hot walls clench tightly on your cock, making her riding almost uncomfortable. Then a pain wells in your groin, when your eyes shoot down to see why. Your heart speeds up at your eyes no longer see a speck of your shaft.Cadence took every, single, inch. Your tip must be crammed against her cervix. The thought alone makes your manhood throb which makes the mare gasp as you spread her that little bit further. “Oh maker above, you’re big.” Her cheeks are flushed brightly red, wings stand at attention on either side before she pulls up. With only the tip left inside, she let’s her body slam back down.Wet, dear god she’s wet. While she continues to ride your throbbing pole those juices soak all it touches. Your shaft, balls and even the ground below you are soaked in her fluid. You never realized that a mare in heat would be be so cock-hungry. But you can see it in her eyes, mostly because they continue to stare into yours.They almost close a couple of times when your thrust up to met her. The wet squelching noise of your actions, fill the soundless caverns as you both buck harder and harder. Ever approaching the euphoria that only an orgasm can bring. You’re sure she’s had multiple small ones by the way her back legs vibrate. But she never stops, in fact she seems to ride harder and harder. “F-fuck! This is amazing!~” The way her velvet walls ripple up your cock sends a tingling sensation to your balls, and you know what's coming.Tapping her thigh with your hand to catch her attention, you try to hold back at much as you can. “Cadence, I’m going to cum soon!” A sly grin crosses her lips before she suddenly turns one-eighty on you. The twisting sensation is the last you can handle. Gripping her rump tightly as she suddenly rides harder and faster than ever before. With her wings flapping slightly, her head turns to look back at you. Her back is arches sharply, her insides clamp hard almost to the point of pain. But you’re past your limit, grunting in pleasure you thrust up while pulling her to you. Holding yourself deep inside, with your tip almost parting her cervix, you cum. You cum hard.Biting down on her mane, Cadence squeals loudly while the first burst of spunk squirts inside her. “I-it’s so warm! C-cum inside me more! Please!” Your vision turns white, the only thing that mattered was here and now. Your manhood buried inside her previously untouched marehood. Walls milk your shaft for all it’s milky load, rope after rope of sperm being shot straight into her womb. If you were a pony she would for sure be pregnant. This has to be the biggest load you’ve ever had as you soon feel it seep past your tip.Her depths are full and you’re still going. The mare grinds against you as the last few shots come to a dribble. Holding the princess tightly you fall onto your back while still inside. A few minutes pass as the two of you come off the high, but she is the one to first speak. “Thank you Anonymous. The burning sensation is far gone, and now I feel. Gosh I feel amazing!” Only a small smile crosses your lips before you kiss behind her ear.Suddenly, what seems like far away yelling can be heard before a loud blast blows out the wall across the room from you. Standing in the rubble is none other than Twilight Sparkle. An angry scowl is on her muzzle as she comes closer. Cadence immediately flips off, letting your spent manhood slip out. “Twilight! You don’t know how happy I am to see you!” The shocked look on the unicorns face as she sees your exposed bits almost makes you chuckle.Cadence looks a little scared that perhaps Twilight didn’t believe she was who she looked like. But an idea suddenly pops into her head. “Oh! Sunshine, sunshine! Ladybugs awake! Clap your hooves and do a little shake!” As she goes through the motions with an unresponsive Twilight. The Princess inadvertently then shows her now cum leaking marehood to the purple unicorn.There is a few moments of silence, while the gears turn in her head. Only a few, short words come can from her mouth. “Cadence…. What. The. BUCK?!?!?!”You really messed up this time. Honestly, how did it end up like this? A few days ago you were having the time of your life, doing the job that you loved. Only to have everything come crashing down. A small smile makes its way across your lips as you remember all of the events of the days prior. The shackles around your wrists chafe the skin on your wrists as you scratch your chin. While the chains click softly together as you shift positions on the bench you so graciously were given. Much better then the stone floor that was apparently your bed, that’s for sure.Grey stone walls in pristine shape surround you. Judging by the fine layer of dust on everything, the cell hadn’t been used all that much. Yet here you were. The steel bars were black and unmoving, not that you’d try to wiggle them again anyways. The first day showed you that they were setup to shock anypony who would shake them. Took you a few times to learn that lesson.The sound of multiple hooves coming down the hallway catches your attention, eyes train on the shadows slowly approaching. Was this it? Your final moments before being locked up in a dark prison? Banished? Locked up in the place you were banish-.... It’s then that you realize that it’s not you the guards came for. In front of the two Solar guards, is a smaller than average stallion. The brown coated pony is shackled as well, a horn blocker has been sheathed over his horn to prevent any magic from being used. His grey mane is dirty and unkempt, spots of dirt cover his body. Though his cutie mark, depicting a cracked shield, is left untouched.One of the guards fumbles with a large key ring, before inserting one into the lock. With a loud clunk, the lock gives way and the door slides open. “In you go, scum.” The other guard pushes the stallion inside, almost making him trip before pulling the door shut with a bang. The poor stallion is quivering in his own horseshoes at the sight of you, that the sound of the lock getting set doesn’t even register with him. You watch as the two guards give you dirty looks before they turn to leave, their hooves echoing down the long hallways as they mutter to themselves.With an audible gulp, the new guy takes a seat on the bench beside you. A long awkward silence settles over the two of you immediately. You don’t know what to even say, and he seems scared to death of you. “So…” The stallion beside you tenses up, like you would eat him if he looked at you wrong. “Uh, what are you in for?” His blue eyes meet yours for a brief moment, before he looks to the floor in shame.He twiddles his hooves for a few moments, trying to find his words. “I uh... I fell asleep on my shift. Especially after the Changeling invasion we’ve been all working overtime.” His face is flushed red in shame. “I’m really disappointed in myself, I should have done my duty no matter the price.” Flicking his ears, the stallion looks up at you. “W-what are you in here for?”You already figure it can’t get any worse than it is, right? “Well, I had sex with Princess Cadence.” There is dead silence for a half minute or so before the guy shimmies as far away from you as he can. “Don’t you judge me!” Your anger flares a bit, scaring your cellmate before the sound of heavy hooves pound their way down the hall.“Ahem.” The voice breaks your anger, turning around you see the one pony you didn’t want to see. Captain Armor frowns at you, unlocking the cell and slamming the door open. “You. Come.” He points directly at you before waving you out with a hoof. You see he came alone, which honestly makes you very nervous. But you don’t delay. When you step out, he gives you a push to make you walk. Resisting the urge to punch him right in the tip of his muzzle, you keep your hands to yourself and keep walking.Not a word was spoken, Shining was only opting to occasionally give you a light shove. You consider making a break for it. Sure, he had magic. Yeah he WAS probably stronger than you. But with the height difference, you’re sure you have a chance. Though that plan was thrown out the window when his sharp spear left a small slash in what rags they threw on you. “I know you’re thinking of running, all I can say is that it’s… Ill advised.”Now you stand before the doors to the main chamber, it’s much different when you’re on this side of the spear. Taking a deep breath, you lift your hand and push the doors open. The air is cold, it chills the uncovered skin to the point of making you shiver. “Step inside, Sir Anonymous.” The Sun Princess's voice slightly echoed throughout the large room. It reverberates through your chest, making your hairs stand up on end.You slowly walk inside, a few torches light the walls allowing you to see the room had been completely changed. There were three large wooden judge benches, in the middle sits Princess Celestia. That motherly gaze still shines through the disappointed look she gives you. On the left of her, sits Luna. The Princess of the Night stares down upon you with a most cynical gaze. On the Sun Princess’s right, sits none other than Cadence. With the most sultry look upon her face, she waves playfully before blowing a kiss, much to your displeasure. The glint of a horn ring barely registers to you as you stare into her eyes.“Ahem!” A voice catches your attention. Sitting at a school desk; that was much too small for her in your opinion; was none other than Twilight Sparkle. Fuck sakes. They got the whole damn crew! You groan a bit as she shuffles a stack of papers onto the desktop. “Hello Anonymous! I see you’re here today for...” Twilight paused while reading quickly down the page. “You’re here on one count of adultery, one count of taking advantage of a Princess, and one count of treason. How do you plead?” With a big smile, the purple mare tilts her head to the side.“Umm, not guilty?”Twilight starts to scribble down a few words before gently pushing you into the middle of the room with her magic. With a soft click, the shackles drop to the floor. Only to be replaced by a tight rope, tying your hands together tightly. “Than court shall commence!” With a quill in her magic, she sits patiently for Princess Celestia to speak.A few moment’s pass in silence. Neither you nor Celestia feel the need to speak, she opens her mouth a few times before letting out a huge sigh. “So, we hear you raped our niece?” Luna suddenly speaks out, leaning over the edge of her own judge bench. The chill that filled the air makes your hairs stand on end. You always avoided Princess Luna if you could, she just had this, thing that no matter how she looked at you, it felt like she was staring directly into your soul. You’ve had a few nightmares featuring her, especially over the last few days.Though before you could answer, Celestia slammed her gavel a few times. “Order Luna. Order. I will not stand for any outbursts.” The Goddess of the Sun eyes narrowed harshly at her little sister. Luna merely sat back down while still glaring daggers in your general direction. Celestia’s gaze set back to you, the light purple orbs looking between yours. “Anonymous, you are here today on grave crimes against the land of Equestria.” She shuffled a few papers around, letting silence fill the air.You finally manage to find your voice. “Princess. With all due respect...” You manage to say before Shining Armor, of all ponies, speaks out.“You have no respect, you bastard! You fucked my wife!” The unicorn took a few steps towards you, a fiery look in his eyes. If looks could kill, you’d already be dead and six feet under by now.Thankfully, a loud banding sound echos though the room. Celestia once again hit her gavell, very loudly mind you. “Order! Captain Shining Armor, you are only here because I figured you deserved to be here. I can, and I will take that privilege away.” As the two banter, your eyes dart over to Cadence. Once again, she has her eyes on you. The most effective case of ‘bedroom eyes’ you’ve ever seen.You look to Celestia and Luna, the two are in a not-so-quiet, argument with Shining Armor and not paying attention. Turning back the other way, you see Twilight furiously writing every word they’re saying down. With nopony else there to look at, your eyes once again meet Cadence’s. This time, she’s leaned over her desk and is licking her lips at you.Suddenly, you feel a little hot under the collar. Tugging at the neck of your shirt, you try to look away…  But you can’t. Cadence’s eyes seem to encapsulate your complete attention. The world around you fades out of your mind, the only thing you can focus on, is Cadence. She looks amazing. Going wide-eyed at the thought, you swallow thickly. She does look good admittedly, though the last time you’ve seen her, was when she and Shining blew the Changelings clear out of Canterlot with their magic blast thing. Though fuckin Book Horse had to ruin everything, squealing to Celestia, like the little teacher’s pet she is. And it’s fair to say, the sisters were NOT happy with that.With those thoughts from only a few days ago out of mind, you notice Cadence is holding something up. Looking closely it looks like… A very crude drawing, in crayon mind you, of you taking her from behind. Pony style... With a very large, and exaggerated dick. Looking from the drawing to her face, you can see a faint blush on her cheeks. Cadence bites her lips and wiggles her eyebrows, making some weird hoof motio-You barely manage to tear your eyes away just as Celestia’s attention goes to the two of you. “Cadence? Are you ok dear niece?” This seems to break her alluring gaze, her face flushes red before she crumples the picture before setting it on fire. “Y-yes! I was just… Thinking about our future honeymoon is all.” Cadence blows a completely fake kiss towards her husband. Who in turn, smiled widely before letting out a very unmanly giggle.Celestia looks at her intently, studying the pink Alicorns face for a moment before looking back at you. “Alright, back to the trial then.” A few papers levitate in front of her as she briefly gazes at them. “Now, where were we… Right!” Her motherly smile turns sour, it takes a split second for her to give a ‘disappointed parent’ look. “Sir Anonymous, I am deeply wounded by your actions during the Changeling Invasion. You were taught better, trained better. And yet, you disgrace the name of the royal guard, you took what we stood for, and drug it through the mud. And for that, I’m ashamed to have been the one that assigned you to the position you held.”Fuck, you knew it was coming. The guilt that comes with basically letting down the mother of all of Equestria, is high. A hot wash of shame pushes through your chest, years of being a top guard, and Celestia manages to bring it all down within a couple of minutes. “Princess Celestia, if I may?” You need to defend yourself, you didn’t choose to do this! Cadence begged you, pleaded with you. Hell, she wouldn’t have taken no for an answer anyways.“I’m listening.” The Sun Princess says, raising one of her eyebrows.This is it, the moment when you get to explain exactly what happened. Maybe dig yourself out of the hole of shit you found yourself in. But you can’t help but glance over at Cadence one last time. It was your worst mistake yet. She’s almost in tears, silently begging for you to not say anything. You can almost hear her sweet voice whispering. ‘Please… Don’t tell her… Everything will be ok.’ Your mouth opens wordlessly before closing. You try again, looking up into the watchful eye of Celestia. But you can’t speak, the words rush to your throat then immediately die.“I’m waiting. Or do you have nothing to say for yourself Sir Anonymous?”A deep breath later, you try once more. But again, the words seem to die. Only a small squeak coming from your lips. ‘Please don’t say anything Anon, please….’ Her voice again seems to whisper all around you. With a small sigh, you meet the gaze of Celestia. “Princess, I have no justifications for my actions that day. I stepped out of line, I broke protocol and most importantly. I failed to protect my charge. I accept all resp-”Before you can finish your sentence, Cadence shoots up. “I NEED TO PEE!!!” Her voice is loud and sharp, startling everyone in the room.Luna sits up suddenly, seemingly she fell asleep during your inner struggle. “THERE SHALL BE NO YELLING IN THE COURT!” A quick blast of magic later, and one of the guards that stood beside you is now on the floor snoring. “Oops.” A small blush and a nervous giggle followed a very embarrassed Luna.Celestia literally facehoofs. “Sister, please tell me you didn’t just blast a guard?” You had to make sure you didn’t just shit yourself. You felt the magic whiz by your head, the hairs on your arms standing on end.“Oh! Ok! We did not just blast that guard to sleep!” Luna smiles widely, her forehooves crossed upon her bench.With a deep sigh Celestia raises her gavel and slams it onto the block. “We shall have a small recess while me and my sister take the guard to the infirmary. Shining? Can you please find a replacement? And you, Private Sunshine. Could you please escort Mister Anonymous back to the holding cells? Thank you.” With that, her and Luna get up from their chairs and take the sleeping stallion with them. All the while, hushed arguing can be heard as they leave the throne room.You watch them leave for a short time before a nudge at the back of your leg snaps you away from them. “Alright prisoner, move!” Another jab from his forehoof gets you moving.Honestly, what more harm could assault against a royal guard add to my already doomed self? You grumble as the little brown-noser walks behind you with his head held high. “You know, I could easily escape, and there's nothing you could do about it.” It wasn’t much of a question, but more of an off-hand statement.But begrudgingly, he makes no attempt to counter your statement. Damn, this little horse has a lotta balls. Or maybe he knows something I do-... Fuck. You see now why he didn’t respond. Up ahead, a few guards stand idly. Their eyes all darting to you as soon as you stepped closer. Smug grins come across all their muzzles as they spread, blocking any escape route possible.“Afternoon Private. What happened to Corporal Steele? No matter, more for us than.” You can’t even hope to fight back. Two unicorns, two pegasi, hell they even got an earth pony. With your hands bound tightly, there’s no hope you can even defend yourself.Well, it was a good run. My only regret? I didn’t even get to snuggle with her. A chuckle escapes your lips before it turns into a full fledged laughter. “Do your worst, there’s nothing more you can do to hurt me.” The grins on their muzzles fade to frowns as they approach you. This is it. So much for a fair trial. Clenching your teeth, you prepare for the beating of your life.“Excuse me? What is going on here?” You blood runs cold. No, why is she here? She should not be here! The sound of metal on marble floor seems to scare the guards away.“O-oh! Princess Cadence! We were just, guarding the hallway?” Opening your eyes, you see Cadence staring down the guards with a hash glare. She looks even better up close. It’s obvious that she got a royal spa day after she returned.Shaking the thoughts from your head, you watch as she takes a few steps towards you. “Then by all means, get back to your duty. And Private? You’re excused. Please return to the barracks. I shall take the prisoner from here.”“B-but your highness! Princess Celestia told me t-” He is cut off by a snarl from Cadence.“And I’m telling you, you’re excused! Or shall I tell Aunty about this little, ‘guarding’ session?” He lets out a squeak before shaking his head quickly. He throws up a quick salute, and then Sunshine hightails it out of there. “Hello, Anon. It’s been a few days since I’ve last seen you. How are you doing?”Princess Cadence slowly walked around you, again eyeing you up. “I was told not to speak to you Princess.” You can only mutter as her tail trails up your back.“Oh? But aren’t you talking to me right now?” Crap, you fell right for that one didn’t you? But thankfully you’ve learned to keep your mouth shut in these situations. That usually works out. “The silent treatment huh? Good, you don’t need to talk. You just need to listen.” The pink Alicorn nervously looks back and forth down the hallway.She suddenly perks up before grabbing you by your bound wrists. “This way!” She tugs hard, almost making you lose your footing. “Quickly! Before we get caught~” That little trill at the end made your blood run cold. The giggling Love Princess pulls you right to a door before she pushes it open, and you inside. Crashing into a mop bucket, you stumble in the dark closet. The smell of cleaning products fill your nostrils.Then with a kick of her back hoof, the door slams shut and her lips crash into yours. Fuck she’s hard to resist. She keeps kissing you, tilting her muzzle to mesh past your nose better. Her tongue snaking out to prod, desperately seeking entrance. Her smell is strong, not the smell of a mare in heat mind you, but a mare in need. She needs you, more than you could imagine.It only takes a small slip of your concentration for her to drive her tongue into your mouth. You can’t help it, the ring at the base of her horn means nothing to you right now. Your hands find her chest, running your fingers into her chest fluff. A murmur of satisfaction rumbles deep in her throat as she parts the kiss. “Thank you Anon.” The tip of her muzzle meets your nose, as she wiggles them together.A large smile spreads across her muzzle as she looks up at you. She has to be the most adorable pony you’ve ever seen! She blinks slowly, those beautiful eyelashes flicking slightly as her purple orbs open up fully. Deep inside, you can see the happiness, you see the pain, you see what you want to see. A life of love. You standing by her side. A pregnant Cadence. A foal. Your happiest days. Your grandfoals. Hell, you can even see her from your deathbed. Looking down at you with tears in her eyes. You can see it all inside those majestic irises. “Anonymous? Are you ok?”It felt like your whole world got sucked out of her gaze and stuffed back inside your body. With a quick shake of your head, you look down at her. Her head is tilted in concern, her ears lay a bit flat. “Prin… No, Cadence.” Your heart pounds in your chest, you swallow a lump in your throat before continuing. “Cadence, I’ve been your guard for a long time. And while I’ve tried to keep my personal life separate from my work one. I failed. Just like I failed you just last week.”The beautiful mare tears up, a sad look upon her face. “I failed, because I can’t stop thinking about you.” As soon as the words escape your lips, she goes wide eyed. Her wing flaring as best as they can in the cramped closet. “You’re a beautiful mare Cadence. An amazing mare. One that I can’t bear to live without. But, I know it’s too late... “ Your eyes trail up to the horn ring sitting snugly on the bottom of her horn. “But I can’t keep lying. To you, or myself.” You cup her cheeks as best as you can, wiping the few tears that trailed down her face. “Princess Mi Amoré Cadenza. I love you, as much as a man can love a pony. I can’t fathom living the rest of my life without you by my side.”Cadence tries hard not to cry, but she fails. Her muzzle buried in your shoulder as she weeps. You hug her, straining the binds to hold her tightly. “I-I love you too Anon! Oh Celestia what do I do?! I’ve made a terrible mistake! I-I’m supposed to be the Princess of Love. Though I sure messed that up… The ponies of this land have looked to me for guidance in the ways of the heart. But ironically, it was I who needed help most of all.” Letting out a loud sniff, she pulls back and looks up at you again, nuzzling the slight beard that had grown out in the few days you’ve been locked up. Just like back in the Crystal Caverns, the smell of cotton candy seems to fill the room.A smile makes its way onto your face. “Cadence I…” Then you frown as you once again see the ring. “But, you’re married. We can’t do this.”A huff comes from the Alicorn before she puts a hoof onto your chest. “And? It’s not like he even cared about me! The bastard got tricked into thinking that Chrysalis was me for Fausts sake! He even had the balls to blame ME for what happened! And even at the wedding, he looked at me like I was tainted. Like a used cart, you know? I thought I could fix it. But I can’t, he uses me like a shiny medal. Something pretty to look at, then put away when you don’t need it.” Her hoof trails down slowly, your heart rate once again skyrocketing. “He never even touched me on our wedding night…”“C-Cadence!” Her other hoof touches your lips gently, the cold metal sticking slightly to your moist skin. You close your eyes tightly as she places her hoof upon your crotch. The confessions of love, the tiny room and her gorgeous body have done their job well. Your manhood is already rock hard, twitching madly as her hoof trials from the bottom to the tip.“Wow… You’re already hard?” She pushes her chest against your barely covered stomach, the soft fluff feels great against your skin. A quick flare of her horn, and the door locks before glowing a light pink. “No interruptions this time, I want to savour this moment my love.” Cadence kisses your exposed neck, gently nipping the skin before trailing downwards. Her hoof rubs more vigorously as she nuzzles you chest. Her ear presses against you, letting her listen to your heart beat.“F-fuck Cadence.” You groan as she gently squeezes the tip of your cock. A visible wet spot starts to appear in the pants you were given. Taking the rope that bound your hands between her teeth, a quick tug is all it takes to make it fall to the floor.The lust filled look on her face is a huge turn on in and of itself, but add the cold metal of her regalia, it helps make you that much stuffer. “Mmm, fuck baby. You’re so hard~” Damn, your length lurches. You never could take any kind of dirty talk, especially from Cadence it seems. Suddenly, she pulls your pants down to your knees and buries her muzzle into your crotch. A deep inhale, and a smile on her face is all you need to know that she enjoys it.Her tongue laps at your groin, wrapping around the base of your dick for a split second. “I missed your penis Anon, it’s so amazing!~” You feel weak in the knees, your back is now pushed against the wall. Your left hand shoots out to help brace your  body, a few bottles getting knocked over in the process. “Does my big boy like that?” Cadence drags her tongue right up the bottom of your cock before giving the tip a flick.“Princess…” Hand meets her head, your thumb gently rubbing over her ear before you gently coax her down. The alicorn bites her lip before opening her maw wide. Fuck that’s hot. Her warm breath tickles your skin while that sweet tongue gently teases the tip. Cadence happily laps at the bead of precum with a satisfied murmur. “J-just put it in your mouth, please!”Without even a moment’s hesitation, she swallows your entire length. “Mmm!” You roughly grab her ear, letting out a deep growl as your eyes clenched shut. Sweet fuck! Cadence lets out a delighted giggle, pulling back slowly before she plunges to the base again. You feel your tip kiss her throat, a little sad that you can’t get any deeper inside. But that’s quickly overshadowed when she sucks her cheeks in.The feeling is incredible! Your entire penis fits snugly within her muzzle, her head tilts left and right as she bobs. The moans never stopping as she sucks with such enthusiasm. Finally managing to pry your eyes open, you blink past the white stars and look down at her. A spurt of precum is her reward for the view. There the little pink mare sits on the floor, her tongue and lips working the entire length of your dick like it was about to give her everything she’d ever wanted. And maybe it was.Her eyes meet yours, half lidded and shimmering in the low light. Her cheeks are flushed red as she services your pole, urging you to fire off inside her mouth. You’re not going to last long, she’s much too good for you. That tingling feeling wells up quickly and your hand tightens around her ear. “I-I’m gon- nngh!” There was no turning back, your hips buck into her face as your spunk rockets up your length and spills into her mouth.Cadence shudders as your goo coats her maw, she slows down but continues to gently suck. Trying to coax every last drop out of your balls as she can. A lightheaded feeling fills your head as you come off the high, her lips are gently kissing your base again as the pony moans in delight. Then, she swallows. Your thick cum is greedily gulped down by the horny Princess, the feeling of it makes you rock hard again in an instant.It only takes a few more before it’s all gone, and she sets to cleaning your manhood off. “Mmm.” She pulls back with a ‘pop’. “Damn you taste good.” You struggle to get your breathing back under control, the air inside the closet is stuffy and hot. But you don’t want to leave. In here, you both can be honest with each other, and yourselves.Without thinking, you lift her up and pin her against the other wall, knocking into a mop bucket along the way. Putting lips to lips, you kiss her deeply. Cadence welcomes the kiss with open arms, holding your cheeks with her forehooves as you hike her up the wall. With your hands now under the knees of her hindlegs, her back takes the weight as you spread her legs wide. This is it. You’re about to do what got you in trouble in the first place.But do you really care? Does it really matter what anypony else thinks? Your tip prods her soaked marehood, the hot walls begging for your dick to spread them. And who are you to deny her body what it wants? “Get ready baby.” Yeah it’s a little cheesy, but it felt right as you push forward. Cadence’s body shuddered as your spear spreads her folds apart. You stop for a moment, allowing her some time to adjust before you pull back slightly and push in deeper.“Oh fuck Anon!~” That’s it. This is where you belong. Balls deep inside a Princess. YOUR Princess, and you’re about to make sure she doesn’t forget that. Cadence winks once while you draw back, her inner walls scraping against the head of your dick. Then, you thrust again. “Ah!~” A wet smack fills the rest of the air, your balls slapping gently against her rump. Another thrust. “Oh!~” This time, you grind your hips against hers.Thrust after thrust, smack after smack. She moans, groans and even chitters quietly as you continue to fuck her silly. Her forelegs hold onto your shoulders, her eyes are focused on yours as you both ascend into a blissful state. Though suddenly she whimpers and shuts her eyes tightly. Her insides tense before clenching hard as a burst of fluid leaks around the seal. “Fuck….” Did she just cum? Slowing down a bit, Cadence nuzzles your shoulder, nipping gently at your ear. “Make me yours Anon…”You can’t say no to her. Not now, and not ever again. “With pleasure, my love.” Her blush deepens when you say that. Then, you resume thrusting. It’s not graceful but it’s getting the job done. That is, if Cadence’s moans are any indication. You are very thankful for the spell she placed on the door. If not, you’re sure all of Canterlot would have heard her squeal as you continued to pound her pussy. Thrust, smack, moan, pull back, thrust again. The cycle is rarely broken up as you continue to fuck her senseless. It’s only after her third or fourth orgasm that she finally stops you.“Are you ok my Princess?” By now she’s already drooled onto her chest a bit, her tongue lolling out a bit as she pants hard. Pulling out, you watch as she quivers a bit before finding her voice.“W-why haven’t you cum yet?” That’s a very good question. But you don’t even get a chance to answer. “You up for some anal?” The question comes out of left field, smacking you across the face. Your face flushes, you DID always think she had a sweet little flank…She takes your hesitance as as yes and quickly climbs down out of your grasp and leans over what looks like a utility sink. Cadence looks a little disheveled from the sex, but still hot as hell when she lifts her tail out of the way. Her cotton candy styled tail tickles your soaked length a bit before she wraps it around your waist.Her tiny rump wiggles a bit, her tight ponut sitting nicely above her soaked marehood. As if on instinct, your hands find her cheeks and give them a squeeze. “You know, I always admired your ass Cadence. Kind of surreal that I’m only now getting the chance to hold them.” With your dick in hand, you line it up to her hole and poke.“Well, how about you stop admiring, and just fuck me?” Cadence looks back and smiles, pushing back to envelope the tip. Sweet fuck she’s tight! “Mmmm, that’s right… Fuck my plot Anon~” She works your cock in and out of her ass freely, the lube provided from her pussy was plenty enough for you to slip completely inside her rump.It’s even better than her pussy! Her tight ring clenches like a vice around your dick and her insides are like fine silk. Your hands grab her right where her thighs meet her body. This is yours, and not anyone else’s. And like hell you’re going to give it up! With a snarl, you pull back and slam right back inside. “FUCK!!” Cadence’s voice actually hurts your ears as she screams. You keep jackhammering inside her rear as fast as you can. It kinda hurts, but her screams make it all worth it.Her clit winks helplessly below you, her pussy leaking down her legs. A small puddle has already formed below her as you keep going. You grab a handful of her mane and pull on it hard. “G-gonna cum!” It was futile to try and hold out much longer. If you weren't almost there before you started, you’re sure as hell ready to bust now.Looking back at you, she pushes her butt back to meet your thrusts. “Fucking cum inside me, please!” A white blur fills your vision before you push all the way inside her. Then it starts. With clenched eyes and a quiet grunt you begin to fire off inside her. One, two. The Princess sharply inhales. Three, four. Your grip tighten around her hips. Five, six. You can barely make out the look of pure bliss on her face as she kisses you. Seven, eight, maybe a ninth all shoot into her. Her insides greedily taking it all. The kiss isn’t hard, it’s not passion filled but conveys a simple message.Thanks.A shared grin spreads across both your faces. Her body quivers as you gently pull out, your rapidly deflating length slips out with a small slurp as her tailhole gapes for a moment before pulling tight. Stumbling back; being careful not to trip over some of the knocked over items; you admire your work. Princess Cadence pants hard, her chest pushed over the sink while her hindlegs tremble.She needs a shower, hell YOU need a shower before… Fuck Now how the hell are you two supposed to go back to the courtroom reeking of sex. Luna would blast you on the spot. As long as Shining Armor wasn’t there. Because you’d be a pile of ash before you can even blink. “Just, gimme a moment Nonny…” Your pink princess pants hard, trying to steady herself.This is your mare now. You smile. Nothing can take her away from you now. Suddenly, there's a loud knock at the door. Cadence and you both go stiff in surprise. “Cadence? Are you in there?” For fuck sakes! Twilight again!? How does this little mare seem to know EXACTLY where you are?! “I know that you placed a spell onto the door, a little hard to diffuse but not impossible. Are you ok?”Cadence starts to panic before the door handle jiggles and it creaks open. The little purple Unicorn steps inside before wrinkling her nose. Her ears splay to her head as she sees Cadence struggling to push you behind a mop handle. Her purple eyes dart back and forth between the two of you. Your face, Cadence’s face. Your dick, the puddle on the floor. “You know what? I’m telling.” With that, she closes the door quickly before you can hear hooves run down the hallway.“Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck!!!” You barely get time to pull your ‘pants’ back up before Cadence pulls you outside with her. “TWILIGHT!!” But the tiny unicorn is all but gone. “Fuck, Aunty is going to kill me! Come on!” Grabbing your hand with a hoof, she basically drags you down the hall.This is it. You had your fun, you’ve spilled your heart out to this mare. And now you’re going to die. You barely catch the tail of Twilight as you turn the last corner, she ducks right into the main hall. Cadence puts a fresh burst of speed on before almost sliding past the doorway. “-re butt naked! He raped her again Princess I swear! I seen it with my own eyes!” The distraught little pony says, almost in tears.Upon seeing the two of you enter, the two Princesses immediately get to their hooves. You barely realize Cadence never let go of your hand. Her regalia covered hoof was still wrapped tightly by your fingers. “Time for my way sister!” Princess Luna readies a spell, the long horn swiftly is wrapped by a dark aura. “Move aside Cadence! We shall show this lowlife what happens when one defiles a Princess!”There is a moment of silence as she steps in front of you and flares her wings. “You will not lay a hoof upon him. Or so help me Faust above I will never forgive you!” Luna looks like she’d just been slapped across the face.“Y-you dare talk back to me?” For once in your life, you got to see Princess Luna almost speechless. “That’s right! The same goes for anypony in this room.” Cadence’s eyes narrow as Twilight takes a few steps back herself. The pink mares eyes meet her husbands. “Shining Armor, come here.” The stallion, a bit shocked does as he’s told.Just as he gets within reaching distance, Cadence rears back and slaps him. “Ow! What he fuck babe?!” His blue eyes flick with rage before a small golden ring bounces off his forehead.“I’m done with you. By my right as Princess, you and me are officially divorced!”Twilight gasps loudly as Shining Armor takes a step back, looking down at the horn ring laying upon the floor. “W-what?”“You heard me you piece of shit! We’re done. That’s it! End of story! You know, maybe if you didn’t keep blaming me for what happened, you would’ve still had me.” With that said and done, she spit in his face before facing Princess Celestia. “Princess, I’m requesting you drop any and all charges against Anonymous, and reinstate him as my personal guard.”Princess Celestia is quiet, taking in all the information for a few moments. “Are you sure Cadence?” The Lady of the Sun speaks softly. A firm nod from the young Alicorn is all she needs. “All charges against Anonymous shall hereby be void, and his position shall be reinstated immediately.” With a firm smack of her gavel, you feel a weight lifted off your shoulders.Princess Cadence hugs you tightly as you start to laugh. “Princess?” You can’t help but smile as you meet her gaze again.Cadence’s head tilts to the side. “Yes my love?” The two of you oblivious to the half broken stallion next to you.“Let’s get a shower.” She nuzzles you belly as you both leave, turning your backs on the others as your hand makes its way to her neck.“Sounds like a plan~”“Celestia! I need to stick it in your butt or I’m gonna die.”Total silence took hold of the room. Everypony’s eyes were fixated on you, mouths agape and ears perked up. It was as if time itself stopped moving.After a few seconds, all of the ponies in the room slowly turned towards their princess to hear her response. There were a lot of ponies as well.Celestia sat on her throne in front of an eighty year old mare who was presumably speaking to her before you kicked the door open. With refined grace, she used her hoof to close the mouth of said senior before the old mare’s teeth fell out.“I assume by ‘stick it in my butt’, you are implying that you must ‘park it in my back door’ or you will surely perish?” Celestia asked calmly.It was only now that you realized what you did. Barging into Day Court and proclaiming that you must fuck Celestia in the ass.. You always have the best plans. Go you. Gold star. Your father would be so proud of you.Roll with it.“Yes Princess, by ‘parking it in your back door’ I imply that I have to stick my raging rocket into your second sunny socket or I’ll kick the bucket. The one place where the sun does indeed not shine.” You reply.“Truly?” She asked you with her eyebrow raised.“Yeah uh… that’s the long and short of it.” You admit as everyone started murmuring.One of the pony guards snapped out of her stupor and shook her cute tiny spear at you. “H-how DARE you make a mockery of this royal court! I’ll have you sent to the dungeo-”“I believe that decision is mine to make, and we will have none of that now. Everypony, Day Court is adjourned for the rest of the afternoon as I sort this business out. Everypony out, including the guards.” Celestia spoke to the court as she kept eye contact with you.Within thirty seconds, all ponies, a few minotaurs and one griffon left through side doors and the door behind you. The glances you received from them varied between angry, amused or shocked. Mostly shocked though. That poor granny will probably need a doctor.“Right, so obviously you are going to explain yourself right now. This should be way more interesting than Day Court.” The Solar Monarch said as she made pillows appear on the throne and tossed one at you.You paused for a second as you caught the large, plush, and probably five thousand bit pillow. Obviously this was all Twilight’s fault, but you had to decide whether to tell her the entire story or not. Looking up at Celestia’s beautiful eyes you wanted to lie, to tell her something that wouldn’t be so embarrassing for you. However you knew the mare, and you knew that it was the best idea to tell the whole truth. She would know if you didn’t anyway.“It’s Twilight’s fault.”Celestia closed her eyes and took a deep breath, then exhaled very loudly. You weren’t sure if she was annoyed at Twilight or you, but considering you don’t start an apocalypse every week, it was most certainly at her student.“Yes, I figured my former student would have some part in this. Please tell me the full story.”You placed the comfy cushion on the floor and sat on it as a tray of fruit was also summoned between the two of you. “Well it all started this morning, I was sitting down reading a book…”===000===Reading was one of the only things you could actually do in Ponyville on the regular. There wasn’t any television, internet was about a hundred years from being invented, and the only shitposting you could do was sitting down on the toilet writing your own thoughts to yourself. All in all it was a pretty slow place, with reading taking up a lot of your time between working.Of course you did have other things to pass the time with. You’d do some alchemy with Zecora, the zebra in the woods. Sometimes you’d have a nice lunch with Rarity and discuss things around town. A few days in the month you’d help decorate cakes for the Cakes because of your fine finger control. Every two weeks you’d pick up some meat from the Griffon traders that would come through and make some tacos for yourself and Discord.Discord loved his tacos as much as you did. You never questioned where he got the taco seasonings or the sombrero.Other times you took trips over to Canterlot. Despite what ponies claimed, the trains were actually pretty cheap. Then again you noticed ponies were pretty loose with their bits. Everypony except Applejack of course. The opportunity to visit the castle and talk to the Princesses was always welcome.You never addressed them as such though. After spending your first month in Canterlot adjusting to Equestria, you really got to know Celestia and Luna. The two sisters were a bit more mature than most ponies, but always had that playfulness that they hid from most of the castle staff and nobles. Twilight got to see it periodically, but they always seemed more relaxed around you. You just treated them like friends, calling them by their names without honorifics and being extremely casual with them. You actually did piss off some of the nobles by not ‘addressing those above your station’ correctly. Secretly you figured Celestia and Luna enjoyed being around someone who didn’t spend their entire lives seeing them as goddesses, higher beings or just something to be worshipped.It was a painful decision, but Celestia. Luna, and Twilight all thought it was for the best to spend more time with the general population. So you settled down in Ponyville and started to take oddjobs. After all, you can’t just live off off Celestia’s allowance. Well, you totally could, but even you have some honor as a man. You grew to love Equestria and it’s bright sunny days spent outside.Today was a lazy rainy day however, and you enjoyed a nice cup of coffee whilst reading fine literature. Soft jazz music played through the lounge as you were reading about how a dragon eviscerated ponies outside of Manehatten a few hundred years ago. Light reading, of course. Twilight’s castle was filled with so many books about so many mystical things you could happily spend the whole day here. After all, a world with talking ponies and magic would be interesting for any human. You were having a great time as well, since the weather was planned here you actually could plan when to have a nice day inside.You heard hooves run down the halls loud enough that you could hear it over your music. Sighing, you picked up a bookmark with ‘Reading is COOL!’ written on a snowy background and slid it on the page you were enjoying.The Problematic Pretty Purple Pony Princess of Friendship herself opened the door as she slid into the small study you were resting in.“I need you, I have something so amazing and interesting. You won’t believe it!” Twilight excitedly declared as you put the book down.You chuckled. “Of course I don’t believe you Twiggles. You just said you found something interesting and cool.”The scrunch on Twilight’s face was absolutely adorable. “Hey! I am actually serious this time. I found out a way to summon a bound demon from Tartarus!”Okay that was actually cool. Twilight was such a powerful unicorn that she could definitely pull a demon from Pony Hell and control it. Still, demons sound like trouble. “So why exactly are we excited about summoning demons?”Twilight looked at you with an expression that reminded you of your third grade math teacher when you asked a stupid question. “We are excited because Demonology was mostly shut down over a thousand years ago! The only ones alive who communicated with any being from Tartarus is likely Luna herself.”“Not Celly?”Twilight shook her head. “No, most sources say that she despised all demons and would banish them back to Tartarus whenever she could.”“Okay so how do you know that we can summon this one?” You asked as you got up, knowing you are going to be roped into this.Twilight clapped her hooves together as she lead you to her laboratory. “Well, I was poking around the Royal Archives, the section that only the Princesses and I can get into. There was somewhat of a mess, probably left behind by Luna. Out on a table was a scroll to summon a ‘Subucni’. I read it while I put the other books and scrolls away. The spell actually isn’t hard at all! I also know quite a few failsafes so the demon can’t leave the summoning circle after it is summoned.”“What can I do to help? Write stuff down?” You suggested. Most of the time you were forced to take notes while Twilight executes some crazy experiment.Twilight opened up the doors to her lab. “Actually just being a witness is great. You said that your world had its own stories and such about monsters and demons, so you might be able to give some insight. We can even cross-reference with your legends afterwards!”Twilight used her magic to move some tables and chairs away so she had enough room for the summoning circle. You are still amazed at how many things she could do at once as everything was stacked nice and neatly.You shrugged as you watched Twilight take some chalk and started drawing runes and circles on the ground. “Sure Twilight, but wouldn’t Starlight be more helpful? That mare can control time, I don’t see how she wouldn’t be more suited for this.”“She is off with Trixie to Las Pegasus for a few shows. I figured it would be good for her to help Trixie out with her career and keep her in check.” Twilight replied as she looked at the tattered scroll and her drawings.“So Spike was asking too many questions on why Trixie’s wagon was rocking at two in the morning?” You joked as you picked up one of Twilight’s alchemical books.Twilight ceased movement as she blushed a deep shade of crimson. “Well, that too. I heard that new relationships can be very… energetic at the start so I decided to give them some space. Also to give me some space as well. The noise kept waking me up.”With a few more chalk strokes, Twilight stepped back. “Done! Now all I have to do is fuel it with some energy and summon a real-life Subucni!”“Wait, shouldn’t we tell somebo-”Twiggles didn’t even let you finish as her excitement got the best of her. Without warning she shot her magic onto the circle. The runes instantly lit up and spun around the center of the circle a few inches off the floor. As far as standard summonings go, this pretty much ran par for the course. Not much different than what you expected one to look like. However you could feel the room heating up, and the energy coming off of the summoning circle so enormous that even you could feel it, magical abilities or not.The room took on a red hue as a small layer of smoke came up out of the ground. The smell of brimstone and really, really dank weed flowed through the air. Slowly, horns appeared rising from the fog as the Subucni’s form entered your world. As more of the demon appeared you noticed quite a few things. It was almost human, with a dark red skin tone. The demon was probably several feet tall, and had curved horns that made it obvious that he was from Hell… Tartarus. Whatever. Its arms were bulky and looked like they could easily lift a car, and it had human-like hands. You assumed it was male since the demon didn’t have breasts, but almost a bodybuilder’s physique, with strong pecs and a well-defined set of abs. His skin was red, and so was his fur; his legs looked like they belonged to a goat that took steroids. His goatee was thick and well maintained too, which you thought was weird for a demon to have.Oh and you guessed it was male since he had a two foot knotted horse cock.“So mortals.” The Subucni started, and he was grinning way too hard to make the situation comfortable for anyone but him. “For what desires have you summoned me to fulfill?”“W-what? Y-you can speak Equish?” Twilight squeaked out.“Of course, as a demon of desire I can speak in any tongue to fulfill my duties.” The Subucni answered.This was getting weird, and you were really trying not to look at the giant Bad Dragon toy inspiration swinging like a pendulum. Then, as if an actual light bulb went off above you, something really made sense in your mind. Something so blindingly obvious you felt stupid you didn’t figure it out before.If playing too many old video games taught you anything, it was that Alucard was Dracula spelt backwards…and if that was the case... then that must mean…“Twilight you fucking summoned an Incubus.” You realized with a groan and a palm to your face.“Ah! One who knows of our kind. Feel free to call me Mr. Boyd. Tell me, what is it that you desire?” Boyd replied with a grin, which would be less unsettling if his eyes weren’t perfectly white.“Oh nononono. I am not getting mixed up in this.” You said waving your arms about. “First you ask what you want from me, then you fuck me in the ass with that massive cock of yours for magical energy or some shit. Finally, you’ll suck my soul through your flared tip and I’ll be soul semen for the next unholy abomination you impregnate. Well quite frankly I am not making any deals with you Mister Boyd.”The demon laughed, which reverberated off the walls and shook you to your very core. “Ah the old ways! Those were fun times. No foolish mortal, we do things differently now. I already know what you want.”You wanted to leave but something was keeping your feet glued to the floor. Twilight started to use her magic to unsummon the Incubus, but he pointed his finger at her. Suddenly, some goo formed on her horn, making it useless. “Hey! You can’t do tha-” Twilight started before her mouth was magically shut with demonic power.“Human!” The Incubus yelled. “You will tell me what you desire right now.”You tried to resist but you couldn’t stop the words from coming out of your mouth. It was like someone else was speaking for you, but saying exactly how you felt and what you wanted most. “I am deeply attracted to Celestia romantically and want to have sex with her. I want to plunge into her so hard and deep that the next pony to pull me out of that divine ass would be crowned as King Arthur. Her body is as beautiful as it is sexy, and I can’t keep my eyes off her flanks when I am in the castle. She is funny, smart, and one of the few ponies who can understand me. Celestia is one of the best things I have met in Equestria apart from Twilight and her friends that makes me feel good about being here. I also really want tacos.”The summoning room was silent as you made your revelation. You felt the hot wave of embarrassment and shame flow over you. Twilight was looking at you angrily yet blushing deeply. Maybe because you wanted to fuck her mentor and idol in the ass. She calmed down after your last line about her friendship though. Boyd was calmly sipping on a cup of hot coffee that somehow appeared in his hand. “Wow, that is quite the confession. Usually I get someone talking about how much they want to fuck their mom and get a new sister from her to also impregnate, but that actually was heartfelt. You know what? I am gonna give you a chance. You have to fuck Celestia in the ass today or I’m gonna take your soul.” Boyd stated casually.“What the fuck? How is that a chance?” You yelled.“Well normally I just make it happen and I take your soul as payment.” Boyd patted his soft phallus for emphasis. ”However, I think you got a shot so I’m gonna give you a chance to make it happen without me.”You looked over to Twilight. “And what about her?”Boyd laughed as turned around to face Twilight, his massive horse dong almost smacking her cherry-red face. “Oh her? She is staying here so you don’t tell anyone about me. Also, she needs to tell me about her desires too…”The demon laughed maniacally as he stroked the paralyzed purple pony princess with a clawed finger. “Might wanna get going, it’s almost noon.”“So if I do this, you won’t hurt Twilight?” You said as you went for the door.“I am not going to hurt Twilight regardless of how this turns out. Just go plow that pony ass. You’ll be glad I did this.” The incubus chuckled as the room filled with more of the noxious pot smoke.===000===“So that is pretty much everything apart from me freaking out on the train ride of how I was going to tell you. I decided that you must know everything, regardless of how I feel.” You finished your tale as you ate a strawberry.Celestia sipped her tea as she thought over your description of the events. “So I have a few questions I hoped you would answer.”“Go ahead.” You replied, happy that you weren’t just chucked out of the room and onto the moon.“Is Twilight okay?” She started.You shrugged, which probably wasn’t the best motion to make considering it was the life of her beloved student. “Honestly I think so. Strangely enough, as far as demons go this one seemed pretty chill. I think he won’t harm her at all.”“Who is this King Arthur?”Celestia did enjoy the tales of your world, though you had to make sure that you separated fiction from reality. It was sometimes harder than expected, considering how wireless communications and touch screen tablets seemed as magical to them as levitation was to you. “Oh him? We have plenty of stories about him, pretty much to the point where we actually don’t know if he really existed or not. Either way, there are two stories on how he became king, both about him claiming a sword named Excalibur. One is where some lady in a lake gave him the sword, which I think is kind of boring. The other one is how Excalibur was stuck in a boulder, and only the person worthy of becoming the next King of England could pull it out.”Celestia grinned mischievously as she set her teacup and saucer down on the table. “So if you are able to pull your cock from my tight flanks you’ll be the next King of Equestria? Your words if I recall.”You chuckled as you finished off a particularly juicy slice of pineapple. “Well, I said someone else would have to pull me out, but if that is how monarchy is decided around here I’ll be able to save my soul and become royalty myself.”Celestia simply smiled at you and you instantly recognized it as one of her ‘I’m thinking of what to say next’ faces. During your first few weeks in Equestria you spent a considerable amount of time near her. You could always tell when one of her more diplomatic ‘masks’ was on. Maybe it was because ponies were subtly different than humans in ways that you can’t explain. Perhaps the reason was that you were exposed to so many politicians on the news you knew when bullshit was going to spout out of their mouths. Either way, you decided to say something about it.“Hey Celly. I’m not one of your nobles or one of your advisors. Fuckin’ spill it you white flanked cutie.” Not the ideal way to speak with a princess you need to have buttsex with, but you perceived that you were in a hole so deep that you could knock on Mr. Boyd’s door in Tartarus.Might as well keep going.Fortunately that got Celestia to try and stifle her ridiculously cute giggle in her golden-clad hoof. “My, my, my. It definitely is apparent that you are not one of my nobles. Then again, you aren’t a pony either. Now is what you said to Mr. Boyd true? That you find me attractive?”You took a sip of the tea, “Celestia, if I can make you laugh like that once a day for the rest of my life, I’d consider myself a lucky man.”Celestia simply smiled and shook her head. Her ethereal hair catching the sunlight coming in through the open windows perfectly captured her beauty. It wasn’t the kind of beauty that blew you away and left you feeling breathless, but left you with a smile on your face knowing you saw it in that moment. Celestia filled you with a comforting warmth that made you feel content and happy.“If I could simply just have you, in my life, exactly the way you are, I’d consider myself a lucky mare.” Celestia countered.There was no falseness behind her words. She wasn’t putting on an act. No political mask to give a false sense of security. This wasn’t Princess Celestia, it was just Celestia. “Well, I can at least give you that.” You reply, smiling as you place the empty tea cup down.Celestia got off her throne and walked over to the side door, swaying her flank and giving you quite an eyeful. “Then how about you follow me to my chambers? We can see about getting rid of your little soul problem.”“As you wish.” You reply as you follow after her.The trip up to Celestia’s room was one of the most magical experiences of your life. Which,considering you were in a land of mythical beasts and real magic, was saying a lot. Celestia and you would be giggling as you chased her through a few of the hallways, only to stop and pretend to be formal when a maid or guard were present. As soon as you two were in the clear the playful princess would slap you with her tail and run ahead of you. There was this spark of energy between you two that took you back to being an awkward teen about to lose his virginity. The anticipation of knowing that you were going to get laid, mixed with the fear of completely fucking it up. You didn’t even feel this awkward when you first had sex with a pony. Then again, Berry Punch did get you completely smashed that night.Come to think of it, a drink would be really good right about now.Both of you approached the door to Celestia’s bedroom. The guards nodded to their ruler, who was doing her best to keep composed. She was doing a pretty good job at it, but the edges of her smile were shaking, dangerously close to breaking out into another fit of giggles. Still, her smile was wide and genuine, not the facade she put on during day court.The door closed behind you two as you looked around the room to see if anything changed since your last visit. Celestia’s room was quite simple, yet quite obviously made for a princess. A large fireplace was  to your right and flooded the room with warmth. In front of it were two big, plush pillows to sit on and a desk full of food and papers. Many a night was spent right there when you first arrived in Equestria, talking to Celestia. About your world and about hers, about the differences and similarities.. A light breeze caused the papers to flutter a bit in the breeze a bit. The balcony door was open, allowing access for the outside air. The balcony was where Celestia raised and lowered the sun. You’ve only witnessed it a few times, but it was still one of the most powerful things you have seen in your life. Maybe it was because you knew exactly what she was moving in the sky, and she was defying everything you knew about physics.Well they said laws were meant to be broken.The room was filled with a ticking noise, caused by the steadily swinging pendulum of a grandfather clock. The rest of the room was filled mostly with cabinets and drawers, presumably for clothes. You’ve never seen Celestia open any of them, so you don’t know if she has a panty drawer. Meaning unlike some of the maids, she was never a potential target for a panty raid.Well maybe after tonight she might be. She might be a kinky bitch, you never know.One of the mysterious cabinets opened, and a bottle of amber liquid and two small glasses floated over to you two. At least one of your questions was solved. “Now I’d have to admit, this is making me as nervous as a schoolfilly. I’m going to need a quick drink to calm down my nerves. Are you interested?” Celestia asked as she sat down on a cushion, pouring herself a small amount in her glass.Pony alcohol was actually pretty weak compared to what you had back on Earth. Most likely since they were smaller they couldn’t hold their liquor. So far, only Berry Punch managed to get you hammered.. “How strong is it?”Celestia brought the bottle closer to read the label. “It’s an alcohol from the Zebras. One of their ambassadors gifted it to me when he visited a month ago. I can’t remember what he called it, but it packs a punch. I think it’s fifty proof.”“Celly, that’s probably a liqueur, where I come from it’s at least twenty eight percent alcohol. This is less than that. Hell I used to drink a rum that was hundred proof. I’ll take a double.” You reply as you take a glass out of her magical grasp. Celestia looked at you slightly nervously, before realizing you were an adult who knew how much you can take. “Well, if this works out you’ll be able to take these bottles. I keep collecting them but rarely drink any of it since I’ll get sauced after just a few drinks.”You smiled at Celestia’s giggling as she poured you a decent amount of booze. “I wouldn’t complain at all. Do we sip this or slide it on down?”Celestia looked at the bottle as if it was going to give her some answers. “Honestly? I have no idea. However I am just going to swallow it as fast as I can to get it over with so I can relax.”You shrugged in response. “Works for me? Should we have a toast?”Celestia’s eyes furrowed as she thought. “How about ‘to making the best out of a dire situation’?”“To making the best out of a dire situation!”You both tilted back and drank the liquid down. Immediately the low burn of alcohol hit your mouth as a sweet and spiced rum-like taste flooded your senses. You couldn’t really identify what exactly was in the drink. Though with how Equestria was, they would certainly be using different ingredients. You made a mental note to get the bottle afterwards and savour the taste next time. It was exquisitely good, even if it didn’t punch you like Earth rum did.Celestia still coughed a bit as she set her glass down. “I still can’t fathom how you can stand it. Sure it tastes divine, but that burn. Way too harsh for me, wine is much more tolerable.”You waved her concerns off. “Ah we’ll make a drinker out of you yet Celly belly.”Celestia raised an eyebrow. “Celly belly?”“It rhymed. Humans do that sometimes.” You say as you hastily defend yourself from her judgement.She simply smiled at your quick pet name for her. “I think it is cute, just don’t bring it up in front of Luna or she won’t let me live it down.”There was a pause in the conversation as you both realized what you were here for. “Now quite honestly I don’t know the human traditions or rituals for mating. I apologize if I am making this awkward.” Celestia commented as she looked at you, clearly nervous.You shook your head. “Nah, we don’t have anything special. I am quite certain you’ll find that we have a lot in common when it comes down to it. Hell, if anything I’m making it awkward by having to ask you to do anal.”Celestia blushed as she looked to the side sheeply. “Yes, about that issue…”“Celestia, you have aggressively cuddled someone right?”“Of course I have.” Celestia waved her hoof at your concern. “Why did you call it aggressive cuddling?”“Well I would have considered asking for a bit of ‘how’s your father’ but figured that you wouldn't get it. Then I wanted to make sure you’ve had a banana tossed into your fruit salad but that was a bit too normal for this world, and also didn’t apply to anal.” “Well at least you didn’t say that you were going to clean my cobwebs with your womb broom.” Celestia giggled as she said it, almost not believing the words coming from her own mouth. “But alas, I have not ‘slid the slimy sausage into my puckered ponut’ if my improvised slang is up to par. I try to keep up as to not appear too old.”Your eyes widened in realization. “Wait, you’ve never had anal sex? Like, we talking penis in butt or not even playing at all?”Celestia’s face glowed a deeper shade of red. “I am afraid that my last companion was maybe fifty years ago. Prior to that, either nopony has thought of such a style of intercourse or they kept me blissfully unaware of it. I’ve heard of it in recent times out of curiosity and reading a few magazines catered to mares.”You nodded in understanding. “Well okay. That's completely fine.”“Really? I don’t want to disappoint you by not being prepared or knowing what I am do-” Celestia was cut off as you moved to her and pressed your lips to hers.Celestia squeaked in shock, then immediately relaxed and melted into the kiss. You broke apart after about ten seconds. “Anyone ever tell you that you worry too much?”“My assistant mentions it on a weekly basis.” Celestia’s voice was low and her breathing was erratic. “I trust you know what you are doing?”“Well I know the basics for humans, so we will see if ponies are the same.” You reassured her before placing your hand under her chin and stroking her neck. As you brought your lips together again, Celestia’s breath hitched while your hand scratched under her chin and lightly behind her ears. It was funny, you stroked her as if she was a pet but kissed her with as much passion as you would for a human.You started to push the princess back slowly, until the two of you stood in front of her expansive bed. One push later, you were falling onto it with Celestia still clinging to your lips like her life depended on it.You decided to take the lead, placing yourself on top of the Sun Princess as she laid herself on her back. Her forehooves here all over your body, one either pressing against your chest or both rubbing all over your back .Your hands were busy as well, running your fingers through her magical hair or scratching at her neck. Feeling a tugging on your shirt, you leaned back up, straddling Celestia as she took off your shirt, belt, and eventually your pants with her golden magical glow. You were left only in your boxers as she looked over your mostly naked body for the first time. Her expression made clear that she appreciated the sight.“Working out at Applejack’s farm I see.” Celestia complimented.“Just got over harvest season, glad to see you like the progress I’ve made.” You reply as you get back to kissing her, enjoying the feeling of her soft fur on your bare chest.You prodded her lips with your tongue. She opened her mouth up to your exploration as you slid yours along hers. Celly apparently didn’t know what french kissing was but definitely adapted quickly. Her pleasured moans of approval got your heart racing as you tasted each other for the first time. Your hand slowly moved from her neck down to her barrel, scratching her all the way. She made no signs of disapproval and seemed to be enjoying the entire experience as both of your arousals spiked.  Your length was hard and pressed against Celestia, only held back by your boxers. Meanwhile, her arousal filled the room with a strong scent of vanilla.Your hands travelled further south, scratching here and there. You experimented a little, learning what made Celestia giggle, twitch, or gasp in surprise between kisses. You gave your partner one quick little peck on the lips before nibbling on her neck. “Mmmm… you are spoiling me dear”, Celestia softly spoke as her hoof lightly ran through your hair. “Aren’t we supposed to save your soul?”You shrugged, looking at the grandfather clock, noticing you had two hours before midnight. “Tia, we got all night. I don’t know how stallions are, but personally I like some foreplay.”“Then have your way with me.” Celestia used her magic to put a pillow under her head. “I cannot wait to see, and especially feel what you have in mind.”You decided that you’ve given her enough gentle treatment and bit down harder on her neck. The arm that wasn’t exploring Celestia’s body was wrapped around her neck as your lover gripped you tightly in her forelegs. You bit and sucked through her white fur, hoping that it would give her a small mark like it does on human skin. On the final and harder bite, your hands met her firm breasts between her legs and squeezed roughly.“Hnnng!” Celestia grit her teeth and arched her back as her fluids pattered the bed.You pulled back off Tia a little. Celestia’s eyes were unfocused and glazed over. “D-did I just make you cum?”Celestia nodded slowly “I appear to be a bit more sensitive than I thought. It wasn’t huge mind you, but it certainly was... pleasurable.”“Oh good, because I am not done yet.” You said as you slid down her body, before placing yourself between her legs.Celestia seemed embarrassed as you looked at her, with her wings splayed out beneath her, forelegs pressed to her chest and hind legs wide open, she left nothing to imagination. You’ve spent enough time in horseland to know what pony pussy looked like, but the clear pink folds were enticing regardless. Her clitoris rapidly exposed itself from her folds, juices running from her slit every time it poked out.“Uhhh…everything okay? I know I’m not a human female, bu-”You cut Celestia off as you bent down and gave her a lick from the base of her folds upwards. Refraining from slipping your tongue in just yet, you kept teasing her slowly until her clit poked out. From there you gave a sharp and quick lick on her exposed button before smugly  looking back at Celestia. “Everything’s fine. I was just enjoying the view.”Celetia closed her eyes and relaxed. “Well then, don’t let me stop you from enjoying me to your heart’s content.”You didn’t bother to answer with words, deciding to move your fingers to each side of her soft lower lips instead. Spreading her open, Celestia’s sex was dripping with arousal. The heady scent of vanilla clouded your mind and made your heart thump in your ears. With Celestia’s pussy wide open, you slipped your tongue inside of her. Warm juices ran over your tongue as you entered. It was way more substantial than any woman, or pony,  you’ve ever been with, with a slicker consistency as well. Tia’s flavour spread over your tongue, giving you the taste of warm vanilla cream cheese frosting of all things. It might have been from all the cake she eats, but you certainly weren’t complaining.The next few minutes were spent indulging in that taste. Bringing her closer and closer to the edge of another orgasm, before retreating to play with her swollen lips. All the while kneading her amazing ass with your hands as her moans reverberated around the room.However, if you wanted to penetrate her royal rear you needed her more relaxed. You toyed with her for a few more second before her clit winked out of her once more. When it did, you placed your lips on it and sucked, making sure it couldn’t retract again. You lavished her with your tongue as your fingers gripped her flanks hard. Celestia squealed in ecstasy as she was finally granted relief. A flood of thicker, stronger juices squirted from her sex, coating your face in marecum. Her flanks trembled as your attack went on, her pussy becoming a veritable fountain of vanilla arousal as you savoured every drop.Celestia finally calmed down after you released her button from your mouth. Your face was wet from the nose down and so was the top of your chest. Celestia’s buns were soaked in her slightly sticky orgasm and she panted heavily as you backed off slightly.You quicky made up how you were going to make this work in your head as you saw Sunbutt’s perfect puckered plothole pleasantly pulsing to her clit winks. “Just relax Celly, I’m gonna use my fingers to get you nice and loose before I pound your pretty plot, alright?” You decided to stay your casual self in hopes it’d calm her.It seemed to work, as Celestia pleasantly sighed. “I trust you, just be gentle.”First you slid your middle finger deep into her soaked sex to lubricate it. Her juices slick and almost perfect to use as lube. You gently circled her ponut before resting your fingertip at her bottom entrance. Surprising you, your finger slid into her without much resistance. Celestia definitely felt it however as she tensed up and lightly gripped your finger. “Oh dear, that’s definitely a new sensation.” Celestia commented as you worked your finger inside of her.Your knuckles tapped against her ass as your finger was firmly inside of her all the way. “A good sensation I hope?”“Y-yes definitely, more please.” Celestia’s horn lit up and using her magic, she spread her gorgeous flanks more to give you even easier access to her.Shrugging to yourself, you lubed up a second finger in her pussy before placing it at Tia’s plothole. There was a bit more resistance this time, and you knew you’d have to get her used to this before you could use a third finger, and eventually your own cock. Celestia actually seemed to be enjoying it, if the noises she was making were any indication. When you moved your fingers she would slightly moan in pleasure, and when you curled your fingers her back would arch off the bed slightly. Either pony ponuts were actually incredibly sensitive, or Celestia was a secret anal slut and you were bringing it to light.She almost came when you slipped the third finger inside of her. After a few more minutes of her twitching and gyrating on your triple digit penetration, you decided she was loose enough for the real thing. She whimpered in disappointment as you pulled your fingers out of her slightly gaping behind. Celestia looked like she was about to ask you why you stopped, but then she noticed your erection as you stood up.You leaned down and placed your length against her wet sex. You needed to be nice and slick to fit inside of her and Celly’s dripping wet cunt was more than willing to help you with that. You ground your shaft against her lips, her clit coming out to wink against your member. Celestia moaned as you grazed her love bud.“Oh by the sun, you are definitely going to give me a nice hard proper rutting next time we have a moment. ” Celestia spoke with her eyes closed, enjoying the sensations you were sending through her.You moved up to kiss her, your cock sliding in between her teats. “Sounds like a date.”You slid down her soft chest before aiming your tip a bit lower. “Slide in slowly or balls deep right away to get it over with?”“The tension is killing me dear. Your head is pointed more than a stallion’s. I think you should slide right in. Go for it, I’m a big mare.” Celestia suggested.You moved your hands to her hips, adjusting your hips until your cockhead was piercing the tight ponut in front of you. Taking a deep breath, you thrust forward, sinking your cock into her depths as your hips slammed into Tia’s large flanks.Three sensations rocked your world at the same time. The first was how hot and tight Celestia was, which was saying something considering she was the Sun Princess. Secondly, was her tight ponut gripping the base of your cock. It was so tight it almost made your eyes roll into the back of your head. Finally, was the splash of mare juices of the mare you loved as you blew a fuse in her brain with an earth shattering orgasm.“Oh holy f-fucking shit, Celly y-you okay?” Words stuttered out of your mouth as the tight ring of her anus flexing on your shaft sent a shock through you.“B-b-bu-buck-k” Celestia could barely speak as her body tensed up. “Shug-gg-guhhhhh”Welp, you broke her.Waiting for a few moments while Celestia got herself back together, you slowly slid in and out of her. At least as much as her backdoor allowed. Celestia eventually relaxed enough for your dick to move freely. Soon after her body followed, rocking back and forth instead of being painfully stiff.She opened her eyes until they were half-lidded. “Mmmmaybe we should have taken that a bit slower.” She chuckled.You cracked a smile, “Yeah, but you’re a big mare.”Celestia’s hind legs did their best to wrap around you lightly, encouraging you to move a bit faster as she moved with you. “I’m your big mare, and you’re my human.”“Wouldn’t have it any other way.” You both gazed at each other's eyes, and you almost got lost in her magenta orbs. “You ready for more?”You felt her squeeze your shaft. “Yes. How long do humans last anyways?”You straightened your back and just gave her a devilish smile. “Oh d-d-dear!” Celestia exclaimed as you plundered her depths again.The room was filled with slapping sounds as you hammered into Celestia’s butt. Your balls colliding with the base of her dock as you make sure she feels you hilt in her every time. Sweat started to coat your body as the Sun Princess was reduced to nothing more than gasps, moans and spouting gibberish. You slid Celestia onto her side, showing off the bright sun on her flank. Gripping her dock you pulled on it, immediately arching Celestia’s back and making her cum again as her muscles contracted around your cock. Even if Boyd was to take your soul after this, it was completely worth it. Celestia didn’t tire, or complain, she just took your merciless assfucking with a grin on her face and a clench of her cheeks.You were getting close, and you knew it. Your thrusting was getting more erratic, there was that ever-so-familiar tightening of your balls and your breathing was shallow. You weren’t going to pull out either. Celestia was coming out of this with you thoroughly claiming her butt. That meant you were leaving her with a well fucked ponut dripping with your seed. You just needed one last push before you could nut.You raised your hand, and slapped Celestia hard across her huge ass, leaving a red handprint. Celestia cried out in pleasure as she came one last time, her juices missing you and splashing on the floor. The sudden grip sending you over the edge as you bury yourself into her ass. You cried out Celestia’s name as you fired rope after rope of cum deep inside her body. Stars started to appear in your clenched eyes as you finished draining your balls into the monarch below you.Your orgasm was subsiding when you felt your legs get shaky, and you pulled out of her with a wet pop before collapsing beside her. You would have loved to see your seed dripping out of her now undoubtedly-gaping ponut, but alas you were too tired to check out your handiwork. You’d have to settle for next time to see how badly you brutalized her backdoor. “Oh, my legs hurt.” You said as you shimmied to Celestia’s back to spoon her.Celestia moved back a bit to properly be the little spoon. “Mmmmm. I can’t feel my lower half. I won’t be able to sit on my throne for days.”You nuzzled your face into her neck and flowing hair, which -strangely enough- didn’t feel like it was moving now that you were face deep in it. “Worth it though?”“Yesssss”, Celestia replied as she relaxed against you. “I haven’t been rutted like that for centuries. I’m afraid I didn’t contribute much to the performance though.”“Don’t worry about it, I am more than happy to put in the work.” You used an arm to prop yourself up and looked down on your favourite mare. “Thanks Celly, for saving my life and giving me the best sex I’ve ever had.”Celestia turned her head to look at you, with a smile on her face and a twinkle in her magenta eyes. She leaned forward and bit and kissed you, nice and short but full of affection. “Anytime my little human. Now kindly please shut up and let’s get some sleep before I have to raise the sun.”You chuckled as you laid back down on the bed, Celly pulling the covers over you as you both fell asleep while cuddled together.---===OOO===---The next morning was quite pleasant. After raising the sun, you two got into the shower and joked about as you washed off. Luckily her shower was massive, one of the perks of ruling the country. Celestia used a spell to clean most of the dried fluids all over the bed and floor.The smell went away as you two showered together.. The two of you were warmed by the morning sun as you ate fruits, muffins and drank coffee. Celestia of course laid down on her side, since she wasn’t able to sit very well.“So how are we going to make this work Celly? We just up and out ourselves as a couple?” You asked as you snacked on a cantaloupe.Celestia took a deep sip of her tea, which you knew was her way of delaying the answer so she could think of one. “That might be a problem considering your entrance yesterday. I’d say a more subtle approach might be in order.”“I’m all ears.”“Well I got Sundays off from most duties. I could meet you at your house and we could spend the day together. Sometimes you can come over here and spend some nights as well. Honestly, after Day Court is finished I usually only have some light paperwork due until dinner and I have free time after that”, Celestia mused. “Luna will be happy that I finally got myself a new coltfriend.”She said coltfriend, that means you’re a couple in your books. Not like you can declare it on Facebook to truly make it official. “I could always cook you dinner one of these days too you know.”Celestia looked up at you. “You know how to cook?”You shrugged. “Well not as well as your cooks who have trained for life but I can make a few dishes.”Celestia nodded and smiled. “I would absolutely love that, I’m sure you’d do a fine job.”“What about the nobles and such? Are they going to take it well?”Celestia scrunched her nose in thought. “You know what? Buck the nobles.”You gave a good laugh at that. “Hey Celly, try saying it with an ‘f’ instead of a ‘b’. Fuck. Fuck the nobles. Really put emphasis on the ‘f’ too.”“FUCK THE NOBLES!” Celestia bellowed with her foreleg out, as if commanding. “Oh wow, that is way more satisfying. I probably shouldn’t have said that so loud though. The guards might have heard us.”“We can tell them that it is the alternate way of swearing. Tell them that it’s the clean way to say ‘buck’ or something. They will buy it if you tell them.” You were about to speak again when there was a loud popping sound behind the two of you. The smell of that sweet sticky icky hit your nostrils as you realized who it was. “Hey Boyd, you got pants on this time?”You turned around. He was not wearing pants.“Well hello to you too! I’m just checking up on you to see if you were able to complete that task I gave you. Considering how Celestia isn’t on her butt I’d say mission accomplished, eh?” Boyd stated with his hands on his hips, satisfied with himself.“What happened to Twilight?” Celestia demanded as Boyd levitated a strawberry into his mouth.He swallowed the fruit without even chewing. “Oh her? We spent the night going over formulas and magical theory. It’s been centuries since I’ve been able to speak to another person so highly educated.”You and Celestia relaxed a little knowing Twilight came to no harm. Boyd spoke once again, “Oh and I gave her about twenty orgasms before she passed out in her bed twitching. Don’t worry, she’ll be fine. Maybe a little dehydrated, but fine.”Celestia just rolled her eyes, clearly not awake enough for this shit. You turned to the demon, “So, we are done here?”“Yup, just making sure you did your job. You two have a good one. We’re having a party on the Icon of Sin tonight in the Necropolis. I’d invite you two but… yeah. Not really a thing for humans and ponies if you catch my drift. Anywho, peace bitches!” In a puff of smoke, he was gone.“I’m so going to give Twilight the biggest lecture of her life.” You and Celestia said at the same time before giggling and giving each other a kiss.All in all, not bad for a deal with a devil.Luna smiled as she walked through the Necropolis. With Boyd beside her, none of the demons posed a threat. Even with the undead possessed souls of the damned wandering about, it actually was a good party. Luna politely refused a goblet made from a skull filled with the blood of virgins from Boyd.“So, seems like everything went as planned. Your sister got laid, and got a new lover.” Boyd spoke while AC/DC played in the background.“Yes, so it seems. The plan worked out quite well, great job.” Luna complimented the demon. “I saw Celestia earlier today and she was positively beaming. She looks so much happier now that she has that human in her life.”“How did you know that Twilight would pick up the scroll though?” Boyd asked the Night Princess.“It’s Twilight Sparkle. She would never tolerate a small mess like that in a library. She used to be a librarian until Tirek blew it up.”Boyd waved off the mention of Tirek. “He was an asshole, even by demon standards. We have simple rules, don’t fucking invade worlds anymore. It always ends poorly for us in the long run. You should have seen the previous attempt on this alternate dimension of that human’s world. This one dude just came along and single handedly ripped us apart.”“After Twilight had the scroll, the rest was on you. Great job finding out he had a thing for her butt, then again half of Equestria does.” Luna said with a hint of jealousy.“You got a great butt yourself Luna. Trust me, Celestia will share the human if you ask, and he wouldn’t mind a piece of those moons.”Luna started up her portal back home as she rolled her eyes. Boyd could see she was smiling though. “Well, I’ll think of it. I’m headed home. Talk to you later Boyd.”“You too Moonbutt.”Luna stepped through the portal as Boyd got a letter from a Cacodemon. Reading it, Boyd immediately got angry. “Who authorized a new invasion on Earth? We have barely recovered from the previous attack by that armored maniac two years ago! WHY WON’T YOU JUST LEAVE HIM ALONE?”Alas, most demons weren’t that smart. Their anger made their doom, and it would be eternal.“Fuck this. That’s it, I’m leaving. Find myself a good spot in Tamriel. Maybe give good ol’ Sheogorath a call. It’s been fucking centuries.”You are Anon.Self-proclaimed King of Fuckshit Avenue, destroyer of candy horse pussy, unmatched in knowledge only found in bar trivia, and an all around general autist. Your existence in Horsey Fun-Time Land™ has been quite short, with your not-so spectacular entrance being only 10 days ago. That day was nothing short of routine, but you had accidentally put your breakfast bagel backwards in your toaster. That was all it took to rip space-time and tear away your ass from your personally favorite dimension. Honestly you should have seen it coming, with your best friend explaining there was a 50 / 50 chance that you’d die on the spot or get super powers. ‘Fuck you Kenneth’, you think to yourself as your leave your house, that smarmy bastard didn’t ever mention that you’d get trapped in a 9-year-old girl’s wet dream. Everything looks like fucking cotton candy. Everything. The clouds, the plants, christ even some of the ponies look like swirled diabetes on a stick. Not to mention how these fuckers act around you. Your walk around Ponyville is always full of smiles and giggles a good 3 feet below you. You have no style and no grace, and these mini horse things just think you’re the keenest thing around. Legit you could probably pull a gun on one and splatter their pastel brains all over the cobblestone and they’d just chalk it up to a “clumsy accident from our dear human friend”.You wish you had your gun in all honesty; having a back out plan would be great to have. But that walking toy advertisement of a pony would cream herself an even weirder shade of purple if she heard you had a coherent thought about planning. She’d be able to write a 12-step program on how to properly kill yourself before she even realized what she was actually writing about. It’d take another 10 minutes to console her after you laugh your ass off, but secretly pocketing the binder, so you can optimally escape this high-pitched musical. Her name was Twilight, you lived with her by the way, and you made it as awkward as possible right off the bat. Yet somehow it worked out too well for you. She had really wanted to learn of your human culture, but you couldn’t just let some fucking commie spy know about America’s secrets. It was at that moment, one permanent place in time, one seemingly impossible chance, where you learned that ponies were the most gullible creatures on this side of the multiverse. But from one small prank manifested something truly changing within yourself.***The day you crash landed in Equestria was nothing short of painful. Like a world class gymnast, you stuck the landing. From over 200 feet. And on fire, while faintly smelling of bagels and cream cheese. You shattered every bone below your spine, and your dick bone too if you were being honest with yourself. A sheer miracle that you hadn’t just painted yourself across the road, you just blacked out from the pain. With consciousness fleeting from your crippled form, your adrenaline riddled brain made out shapes of small animals? They were gathering around you. Their mouths moved as if they were talking, but your eardrums had blown out from the decent, and the sudden meeting with the ground temporarily disconnected all your senses.The scents of old paper and an inferiority complex flooded had your bruised nose before you were truly awoken from the incredible soreness in your ass. Grumpy and groggy, you peeled back the covers and swung yourself out of the rather low bed. Kicking your foot across the footboard, you let out shrill, but still masculine screech. Your legs were still broken in like 61 different places, yet you managed to get out of bed? “Nice going you fuckin’ idiot,” you grumble to yourself, before gingerly adjusting your shattered pelvis back to a more comfortable position. You nearly find peace before the gentle echo of coconuts being placed together over and over decided to take an important business meeting in your ear. The door slowly began to glow a twinkly magenta, and the physical manifestation of social awkwardness was face to face with the manifestation of autism.Your eyes doubled in size at the sight whatever the hell was in front of you. But even at double size they were no match for this horse’s eyes. They looked like dinner plates glued to its face! What genetically engineering bastard does this!?  It had a fucking horn and some wings! It was purple too! Too many thoughts passed through your head, before you realized it had moved up to being only a good 5 feet from you. It raised a leg to its chest and let a small cough before letting out a small, but confident “Hello!”“I am Twilight Sparkle, Princess of Friendship,” she introduced, her oversized wings parting a bit just to make her look a tad more regal. “It appears you have fallen into our town mister, uh…” she trailed off, wringing a hoof in a circle and pulling a face of confusion, expecting you to follow up with your name. However, you weren’t having any of that. Nope. None of you was. You just stared ahead, slack-jawed and crossed-eyed in front of the pretty purple pony princess. Your brain basically exploded, so it was up to the back-up system to kick in.“Hello brain?”“Brain machine broke.”“Understandable, have a good day.”“WHAT THE FUCK!” you shouted as loud as your exhausted lungs would allow. The pony’s dinner plate eyes became more like basketballs and she just popped out of existence. You wanted to run, but your lil’ noodle legs weren’t going to do jack shit for you. You slumped back on the bed, still literally butthurt from the dimensional transfer. You weren’t going to get far at all being a cripple, so you had to mend the situation somehow.Sitting in a bed 3 sizes too small for so long was really doing a spell on your fabulous glutes, so you decided to call out. “Hello tiny horse? My name it’s… uh... it’s Anon!” you yelled out. “The  name’s Anonymous, but everyone thinks it’s too much of a hassle to actually say it all so they just call me Anon.” Time passed and you weren’t even sure she had heard you shout at her, but soon enough, the door began to glow that same pinkish aura before the lavender horse re-entered the room once again, but a whole bunch slower now. You successfully managed to put all the spaghetti back in your pockets, a true feat amongst your peers. She had gotten much closer now, so you craned your neck towards the little pony. “So Mister Anon… “she began, her eyes nervously darting side to side, “Can you tell me where exactly you came from?” A bursting sense of nationality welled up deep in your heart, and with little fireworks and tiny eagles floating through your skull, you reply with the only answer possible. “I come from the greatest goddamn country on the whole planet! THE, United States of America!” You held a planked hand to your head and paid a dear salute to the country you loved with all your might. A small tear formed in the corner of your eye, but being the man you were, you managed to suck it right back into your tear duct. “America? Earth? What in Equestria are you talking about?” Twilight asked quizzically. “I’ve never heard of any of those places, and I own the complete set of National Equestrian Catalog of All Countries and Providences, Volumes One through Twenty-Three, and have read through all them multiple times, each affixed with notes and highlights and…” Twilight had trailed off talking about her nerdy book set for over ten minutes, before she realized you had fallen asleep again. She prodded you awake with a beam of magic before looking angrily into your sleepy eyes.  “I apologize for going off on a tangent, but it is rather rude to fall asleep during an interview,” she huffed, “and I believe you should explain to me just what an ‘America’ is.” “America is a land of wonder, opportunity, unchecked racial pred…” you paused for a second. Why were you telling a foreign leader of your magnificent land? She was a princess after all, and she must report to a higher up, like a King! You squint your eyes at the pony and let a slight frown form. “Why should I be telling you about my homeland? It’s too obvious this is an interrogation to acquire my country’s secrets! Are you with the fucking Russians? You’re KGB aren’t you! I fucking knew it you goddamn commie bastard! Get over here before I fucking—" You were cut off with an immediate pain in your lower regions. You attempted to get out of bed subconsciously to wring the neck of this clopping commie cunt.You just sat there, frozen in pain. No tears, no signs of life on your face. Twilight was plastered in place as well, not in pain, but sheer fear. Never had she heard such obscenities used in a single phrase, and even she didn’t know what most of them meant, but you shouted them out aggressively enough that she’d consider ‘salad’ a swear in your books.  Still, she was a friendship princess! She could mend this situation!Hiding any form of nervousness or fear from her body language, she cautiously approached you. You were still in immense pain, and all you could do was follow her with your bulging, bloodshot eyes. Her horn began to glow that same gay pink color and the searing pain in your lower half was amplified about 4 times."JESUS TITTYFUCKING MONSTERTRUCKING FUCKING LORD FUCKING FUCK HELL FUCK!"  You screamed blindly at that evil concoction of loneliness and sparkles. To your surprise however, the pain was quickly receding back to its original level, then into an actually tolerable range. You begrudgingly began to look downwards just to see your beautiful thighs enveloped in Twinkle Sprinkle’s stupid unicorn magic. Even worse, you noticed your calcium rich skeleton warping beneath your meat. But in that instant, the pain was gone.“I’ve healed your legs Mister Anonymous. We didn’t start off on the right hoof, so I’d like to try again. I don’t know of this ‘Russia’ you speak of either, so let me introduce you to this area. You’re currently in the northern regions of a small village known as Ponyville. This is my castle where my friends and I help some friendship problems.” Her horn began to glow again, ready to cast whatever black magic she had planned for you. This threw off yet another red flag in your already blown brain, so you reached out and grabbed her horn. Whatever spell Sprinkler had in mind had been cancelled from your grasp, the base of the horn was still producing the pink stuff but the tip was isolated from the twinkly shit. Her eyes then went crossed and glazed, and her tongue simply lolled out to the side of her mouth. A large rosy color grew over her snout, which meant two things to your reforming conscious: you found out how to disable these hue-filled magic sacks, or you were basically jacking them off. Hoping it wasn’t the latter, any shred of sanity you had regained at the time was then thrown out the window when the sound of a leaking faucet made itself present behind Princess Sparkle.You were jacking off a unicorn. That was made evident with the sound and smell of candy and lavender invading your nose. These pastel ponies were certainly leakers and going off the lust-induced trance of Twilight, it didn’t take much to get it going. ‘Then again, she is a massive nerd,’ you thought to yourself, ‘she’s gotta be a total perma-virgin.’You interrupted your own thoughts realizing your grip was still locked around the mini horse’s spiraling horn. “Christ, how do we get out of this one brain?” you ask inwardly.“haha peepee head” was all your subconscious had to offer at the time. “Ah fuck okay, let’s turn to someone else for answers,” you pondered.‘FINISH THE JOB!” screamed your junk, clearly ready for some sort of sexual interaction and the fact you weren’t ignoring him anymore. Something tells you he likes the ponies and will be getting you into even more trouble later.Reflecting on the quality time you spent on Earth, which totally wasn’t looking at quality memes and shitposts for 14 hours a day, you saw some mediocre environmental ads, all asking you how you would feel being left turned on. Sure, it was about lights, but the same could still apply to the body. “I sure am a nice guy,” you beamed proudly in your head, while you started to move your hand up the base of her horn. The tips of your fingers brushed the inset grooves spiraling up her horn, and the texture was smooth, something hard and firm yet sensitive and detailed. Like a dick. You weren’t going to question the pony anatomy just yet, even though you were basically sexually assaulting the friendship princess in her own home. Not even mentioning you barely knew her, or where you were on God’s green Earth. Each passing stroke resulted in her eliciting small moans and squeaks, and you actually found them somewhat cute. Her weird pony knees buckling each time you reached the tip of her horn, and the leaky faucet sound grew to sound like someone dropping ketchup from a twelve-foot balcony onto a linoleum kitchen floor. Scratch out basically sexually assaulting, this is full on molestation, christ. Only a couple passes of the horn after, the tip of the completely dazed pony’s horn started sparking, like teeny tiny little fireworks. This was legitimately interesting to you. You leaned in to inspect the source of raw bubbling magic, but goddamn was your arm getting tired. Your eyes pressed shut, and a low gravel-y yawn extended your jaw to the fullest point, letting your body refresh itself with some fresh oxygen that you so graciously expended to pleasure Twilight.In the same moment as your much-needed air swap, Twilight let out a loud moan, and streams of pure sparkles shot out her horn, all over your face, and directly into your mouth. The pure surprise clamped your lips closed, and the flavor began to set into your tongue. It was like someone poured a fresh grape soda all over your tongue and just let it sit there. The sparkles felt like they were hurting you almost, so brain finally took initiative, and you swallowed every last one. Again, the smell of candied lavender hit your nose, and you looked down only to see a glossy puddle spread itself thin across the floors beneath Twilight, and nearly onto your Gucci loafers.“Christ almighty Twilight, watch where you’re dripping all this shit!” you scolded the orgasmic pony. You shuffled your black leather shoes back a foot and simply observed her. She still looked lost in bliss, but after some time had passed, she seemingly came to.  She blinked her half-lidded eyes a couple of times before she was able to give her full attention back to you. “Never speak of this,” you tell her. She looked up at you, eyes staring ever so seductively. “Why would I tell anypony about you,” she whispered. She flapped her wings and floated high just enough, so her mouth was next to your ear. “…When I can have you all to myself~”So, you basically raped a pony, and now she wanted to be with you. Of all the possible outcomes that you didn’t even think about, this one certainly would not have reared its head in your cross check. But you’re Anon. You just had to see just how much you could get away with in the first 20 minutes of your consciousness. Twilight had gently landed on the crystalline floor, still waiting to see how you would react.  You bent down on one knee, still avoiding the shimmering puddle of pure love, and looked at Twilight. “Twilight, before we go any further, I would like to teach you about the ancient human greeting for new friends.” Stars formed in her eyes when she heard ‘teach’, ‘ancient’, and friends’ all used in the same sentence. She nodded excitedly and waited for you to continue the explanation. “All right. In order for this to work correctly, I’ll need you to repeat the magic words to me,” you cleared your throat and looked her dead in the eyes. “’Highway’, and ‘To the.’ is all you have to repeat ok?” you tell her. “I think I can manage that,” she replied smugly. “All right then, please turn around.” She acknowledged and did a 180 on the spot.You clasped together your hands, leaving out your index and middle fingers on each hand. Twilight then began to repeat the key words you told her. “Highway to the…” she began, and you followed up. "DANGER ZONE!" you immediately shouted and thrusted your fingers deep inside of Twilight. As soon as you met resistance from her candy horse pussy, she came on the spot. A torrent of maregasm flooded over your wrists and onto your shirt.  Your shoes were fine however, but if this were the life you were to live, you’d definitely need a different pair. “Aaaaaah~! Aannoooonnn~!” she cried out, not able to contain any sort of professionalism she once had. She craned her fuzzy purple neck over and tried to look you in the eye. “I don’t know what in Tartarus you are, but by Celestia, after all you’ve done right now you will be mine~”Still keeping your thumbs pressed along the lips of her slit, you ponder what repercussions would ever come for messing around like this. Nah just kidding, what loser actually thinks ahead for what they do? You slowly pulled your soaked hands from her drenched love folds, strands of sticky something trailed off and really didn’t seem like they wanted to break off from either side. You wiped the slime off on her pristine purple coat and felt up her ass while you did. It was nice and soft, probably since all she does is sit on it and read her books.You reached over and gave her a nice scratch behind her ears. It seemed like if anything else you could do was to pet them like cats, these ponies seemed close enough to them with their soft coats and large ears. “Ooohhhhh~~” she purred out, melting even further into her already blissful state. “Whatever you’re trying to get out of me Anonymous, you can have it~”Huh. Sexually pleasuring a princess could earn you favors. Who in their right mind would ever think of that? You, mainly on the part that you never had the ‘right mind’. “Well, if you’re so keen on offering, I really need somewhere to stay now.” You reply to the tranced horse. Your reply seemed to surprise her, but it wasn’t a totally odd question. You were a long way from home, and shelter was a top priority on your list. Internet was too, but that was something you tucked in the back of your mind. Getting a feel for her legs once again, Twilight turned around and looked up at you. Even with you kneeling, you were still a bit taller than her. Normally she came up only to your belly button. On one knee however, you were at the best height to look into her deep violet eyes. Lust satisfied, she continued to look deep into your own eyes, mischief and uncertainty brewing and bouncing off the inner walls. “I certainly can arrange that for you Anon! I can’t wait to introduce you to all of my friends here in Ponyville!” she piped with excitement. “I’ll have Spike and Starlight help me set up a room big enough for somepo- er, something your size.”You simply gave Twilight a thumbs up, which seemed to confuse her. You tried to salvage the situation by upgrading to finger guns, but she still couldn’t get the human expression. This only called for a sheer upgrade, that being a second finger gun, and you imitated shooting by shaking your hands up and down. Twilight still didn’t understand your good vibes, so she set off to prepare your room. “Tough crowd huh…” you mumble to yourself while rolling your eyes to, surprise, only yourself.While Twilight was off fixing up a room for you, you were taking careful time examining everything in the room you could possibly wipe your hands on. Even with the horses being under half your height, they sure managed to put every decoration or banner up real fucking high. The average human ceiling was like eight feet or so from the ground, why was the ceiling in this shiny-ass room so far away? You began to lose yourself into an ever-maddening daydream of ceilings. Something to do with a supreme leader dictating the exact height of every roof. If you didn’t get it to their liking, they just chanted “Ten feet higher!” and forced you to renovate your entire home. Is that why the castle is like 80 fuckin’ feet tall? You were still stuck pondering the socio-economic relations of roofs and ceiling for ponies, and Twilight rematerialized right behind you. The loud pop of magic had caught you off guard, and you swung around ready to karate chop the fucker who decided to scare you. You swung the plank of a hand on your wrist, but your strike was 3 feet over the head of your target. You weren’t entirely sure how Twilight still looked confused from all your human antics. “Well Mister Anonymous, your room is all ready for you now. Please follow me so that I may show you the way there.” Twilight stated in her professional princess tone, like what happened between you two only ten minutes ago never even happened.She magicked open the stout wooden doors that paled in comparison to the heighted walls and the ever-so tall ceiling you were thinking about before she got here. You actually had to duck just to get through them. Your 6-foot structure would be the oncoming of many headaches you silently thought to yourself. “Goddamn manlets getting lucky in this fucking pony paradise…” you lowly grumbled under your breath, just so Twilight’s fluffy pony ears wouldn’t pick up your insults directed at no one in particular.Outside of the thick doors was a long shiny corridor, fit with equally tall walls and a maroon carpet stretching throughout every turn and bend you could actually see. “This place is fuckin’ gigantic Twilight, where the hell am I?” you ask her. “Most ponies in town call it the Castle of Friendship, so that’s what my friends normally stick with.” She replied, continuing to walk down the glimmering hall. “Right now we are in corridor G7, where I keep extra files, books, guest, slav……” You tuned her out after so few examples and just decided to look around the place for yourself. There were so many unmarked doors that kept capturing your attention as you two walked to your destination. Some were ajar, and you could make out odd sights in each. A multitude of cleaning items were badly stacked in one, looking like they’d fall right out if someone were unlucky enough to open it. Another looked like a kitchen, but something was in there making a total mess of the place, the walls were coated in pink frosting and it smelt like the Pillsbury Dough Boy’s asshole.After a minute or two, you arrived at another boring unmarked door in the castle. “Alright Anon, this room will be yours for the meantime.” She opted to open the bland doors with her hoof instead, pushing against the dark wood to reveal your room. Like the doors, it was pretty boring inside the room. It looked like three beds were pushed together to accommodate your freakish height. Aside from the jagged yet smooth crystal walls, nothing else filled the space but a simple desk and a drawer. Taking in your new living quarters, you stepped into the room only to smack your forehead against the doorframe. “Shit! I even saw it coming but it still happened!” you half-shouted at the wall. “Looksy here Twankles,” you addressed the princess with a pointed finger, “you’re probably some magic god or something along those lines, can’t you just make the doorway bigger for me? I’m gonna keep smacking my noggin against everything, and frankly I don’t want to.” “I’m not a god Anon, but I certainly can make the door bigger for you. It might help to distinguish where you’re living so no one gets surprised by your presence.” She stated as she turned towards the door. As her horn lit up that weird sparkly magenta once again, the frame warped upwards, leaving a couple of inches between the top of the door and your head.“Hell yeah!” you gleamed. You reached down a gave Twilight another ear scratch for being such a good host. It made sense to reward her head for saving yours.“Hehe~” she purred once again leaning into your hands, eagerly taking in the copious head scritches. Feeling satisfied with your treatment, you pulled away, letting Twilight stare at your hands intently. “Anon, what exactly are those on the ends of your hands? I was too, uh, preoccupied, before to ask, but they look like Spike’s claws, but they’re much lankier, and they’re fleshy like the rest of you.” “Well Sporkle,” you began, raising one of your fingers up to make a point, “these are called fingers. Great tools for grabbing everything, scratching everything, and getting the last bit of peanut butter out the jar. They are completely superior to the hoof, and everything that has happened between us to this point is completely valid proof.” You smirked towards her, her own face blushing as your attention gravitated towards her.Before you could make another snide remark about what you did to tarnish Kenny Loggins’ hit masterpiece, a gentle knock ring through the barren room. “Is the room good enough Twilight? Spike wasn’t feeling—” the new voice cut off suddenly. You did a sick 540 spin move and looked for the source of noise. Of course, you had to look down for the voice, everything so far was too short to give your poor neck a break. A second brighter purple unicorn made its presence known to you. It too had some weird sparkle tattoo on its ass like Twilight, and this one really set off your stinky commie alarms. “Oh, hey Starlight! Hey Anon! Anon! This is Starlight Glimmer!” Twilight introduced.You took a step forward to introduce yourself properly, but Starlight just inched away flat on her ass. Her eyes, while still freakishly large, were just pinpricks to accompany her frightened face. Jesus fuck was every pony you met going to be this frightened of your build? You took to one knee to close the height gap but Starlight’s dinnerplate eyeballs still looked like they were about to leave her head. Holding a hand over your chin your face reflected one of deep thinking as you looked over bootleg Twilight. “Yo, Twinkle Sprinkle, is everyone’s name based on stars and shining shit? Next you’re gonna tell me you have another friend named Sunset Shimmer or something gay.” “Well actually Anon,” Twilight began, but you actually didn’t care what she had to say about some other horse you didn’t know. “Anyway, other purple horse,” you kept your fixation on Starlight, “I have a kicking feeling that YOU WERE THE COMMIE SPY ALL ALONG!” You started to lunge at Starlight but fell short when Twilight enveloped you in her translucent pink magic stuff. “For the love of Celestia Anonymous, you can’t go around calling everyone a ‘commie spy’! She held you tight in the air while scolding you. “I’m not even sure-“ Twilight’s lecture was brought to an abrupt end when her magic fizzled and dissipated from around you. You fell right onto your stomach, knocking the wind out of your system. “A little warning before you drop me would be nice!” you barked at Twilight. “I’m so sorry Anon! My magic just, well… stopped working?” Twilight apologized with confusion well mixed in. She lit her horn up one again and easily lifted the crystal-imbedded bed that you were soon to sleep on. Of course, she’s testing everything, what a fucking nerd. She set it back down and turned back to you. Her horn once again lit up as she focused on trying to pick you up. The warm magic feeling wrapped around you, but nothing was happening to your location. Her snout scrunched up before she turned to Starlight, who was still cowering in fear of your knowledge of communists.“Starlight,” she tentatively pondered, “could you try moving Anon? We have to test all the possible variables right now!” “I really don’t want to,” Starlight began, “but you’re probably going to make me do it anyway.” She sighed. Her horn lit up, this time a blueish emerald-y color, and the magic snaked its way over to you. Her magic didn’t feel as warm or cuddly, but certainly felt refreshing, like an after-dinner mint you got at the hibachi grill near the Best Buy.Starlight’s face soon became concentrated, her putting a lot of effort in just trying to scoot you a mere inch. However, your glorious thighs found themselves still in the same spot on the cold crystal floor. “Hey Twiggles, can I get a carpet in here? My feet are gonna fuckin’ freeze to the floor if I don’t.” Your question broke Starlight’s focus, and the wintergreen mint feeling washed away, and you felt like you just spat out a ton of mouthwash.“Yeah sure Anon,” she answered without paying any attention to you. Every gear was turning in her head just trying to understand why magic suddenly stopped affecting you. A minute passed, and Twilight was still sitting down, staring off into the deep unknown, thinking over every single option. A large rosy blush spread over her face, realizing what could’ve changed in the last half an hour to your body.You weren’t even paying attention to her any longer, and you picked yourself off the ground only to look straight into Starlight’s eyes. Her pupils shrunk again and darted back and forth, unsure of what was going on. A sly yet smug grin plastered itself onto your face. Your left hand came up slowly, completely in Starlight’s sight. You extended out your index finger, before quickly pressing it onto her snout.“Boop!”You giggled out loud, not knowing this had brought Twilight’s attention to you. Starlight looked horrified and pleasured at the same time, like she was about to have the greatest sneeze of her entire life. You took the same hand and poked her nose again.“Booooop!”A minty fresh smell started to permeate the air. The cheeky grin on your face slowly melted off when the smell was accompanied by a familiar wet drip. You didn’t want to, but you knew you had to look down. “God dammit…” you muttered. The floor was taking on another gloss, this one filmy and slowly merging with each drip scattered below Starlight. You looked back up into her eyes, yours of ‘no’ and ‘stahp plz’, with hers being a mix of lust and fear. “Scaroused,” you think inwardly. It was dead silent between you two, but a wet rubbing noise was growing ever louder behind you.Of course. Twilight was fucking rubbing one out right behind you. Does this chick have some sort of sexual assault fetish? “Holy Mary Mother of Joseph! Twilight! What the fuck!” you shout at this deranged fuck. “Ooo~ d-don’t mind me Anon!” she squeaked out. “Jus-s-s~~t keep doing whatever you were doing to her~”. She continued to glide her hoof through her pussy, mixing the mint with that lavender smell you found out before.You were out of made up words to describe your emotions. You were sickened and concerned right now. However, you were Anon! Nice guy extraordinaire! You couldn’t leave Starlight left unsatisfied, and if you did you were scared about what Twilight would do if she didn’t get her fill of kinky shit. You took a breath and primed your index finger to finish the job.Starlight’s dark blue eyes: the only thing you wanted to focus on; the rest being leaky horse pussy, and Twilight getting off on rape. Will you get off to horses? Your dick already made it clear pussy is pussy, but where does your heart lie in the matter? You’ve already fingered one pony to completion, but that was just a prank bro. If this is the life you continue to lead, you better start liking them. Your finger was locked and loaded, ready to deploy to its final destination. Steadily, you leaned in, and pressed into Starlight’s nose for the third, and hopefully last time.“Boop.” You let out a small tear. Not even your super manly powers could keep this one in. Neither of you really wanted this, but the uncertainty of Twilight kept an unspoken trust between the both of you. Starlight’s knees wobbled, the extended boop flooding her brain with pleasure she hadn’t felt in years. She let out a moan, before sending out a wave of goopy sparkle magic out of her horn, right onto your face. Did you want to cry? Probably, but the minty magic was already stinging, and getting that in your eyes would hurt like a bitch. Plus, crying would certainly compromise your standing as #1 manly man in Equestria.“eeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh…” you just let out a sad and slowly drawn out drawl. Apparently, the image of you extremely uncomfortable and coated in magical mare jizz sent Twilight over the edge, and she shot a hot stream of pure love directly into Starlight’s own cum puddle, the overly sweet combination of smells making you feel like you were locked in a Yankee Candle storeroom overnight.Your choice of emotion couldn’t have been any more inopportune. The gelatinous magic began to clump, and its own weight swung it all right into your groaning half-open mouth. The complete surprise of it set off your swallow reflex, just so brain didn’t think you were choking on anything. It wasn’t so bad if your being honest. You certainly weren’t going to tell them, but it was like the minty shake you got at McDonalds during the March timeframe. The sparkles felt jagged going down though, they were something akin to tortilla chips you didn’t chew properly.Your room was a total mess. Tears, cum, and pure magic were littered around in various puddles and streaks. “T-Twilight?” you croak out. “For the love of everything holy, please magic all this away,” you begged to the mare. Twilight broke out her second orgasm induced trance today and flashed a sultry look towards you. “Anything for you stud~” she flirted. In a flash, the room was back to its boring feel, but instead of marecum on the floor, you had a fluffy carpet.Twilight opted to actually walk out the room, flashing you some serious signals with her eyes, but Starlight was unconscious on your newly carpeted floor. ‘Fuck it’ you thought as you picked up Starlight. You walked over to the bed and set her down on one side. It was certainly big enough to keep you both since she pushed together three of them just for your height. You simply trudged along the edge of the frame to the opposite side, unbuttoned your love stained shirt, and plopped yourself down. It hadn’t even been an hour. You made two mares cum their brains out shortly after introducing themselves, not ignoring the fact it was textbook sexual assault, and that one of them scared you into doing it to the other. Your breath smelled of grape and mint. Normally you liked a minty fresh feeling after brushing your teeth, but the means of how you procured this one left an ironic sour taste in your mouth.You simply laid on the bed, hands interlocked behind your head. You had only been awake for a short while, so sleep wasn’t going to come easily. Not like you could even sleep. The recent events were basically branded into your brain, and you saw them every time you shut your eyes. You could get over all this right? You’re probably stuck here in sexual technicolor purgatory forever. Starlight’s sleepy breaths off to your side just made you wonder, what’s next?You are Golden Badge.The infamous alabaster bastard, the zigger deleter, bucking racist bastard, these were just a hoofful of the nicknames you’ve been given by the townsponies of Ponyville. You came here to found Ponyville’s first police station, but apparently there’s no crime here whatsoever. So, you get by with harassing minorities and making fun of non-unicorns.Right now, you are attempting to enjoy your overpriced black coffee from the local café, but the lumbering lankster Anon has plopped his bipedal ass on a chair opposite you. Everyone here loves Anon. He’s either a mumbling mess, or an explosive personality that spouts the most insane bullshit. If you had to compare him to anything, he’s basically the token zebra of any group. But instead of having stripes, he’s just really bucking tall.“Heya there lil’ horse dude,” Anon greeted.You pulled down your comically oversized shades to look up at Anon. “Can I help you Anonymous?” you ask, slightly miffed your peaceful sunny day has been interrupted by the town autist.  He’s been cantering throughout town after you witnessed the fireballed human careening through the atmosphere, being rushed into the Crystalline Cock Castle ™, and integrating into the pony culture.“Actually, I think you can,” Anon started, “first off, what’s your name?”“Golden Badge,” you replied, swiping a lock of your aptly titled golden mane behind the ridge of your sunglasses.“OK Golden, I just really need someone to talk to. There’s something I just have to get off my chest, and everyone else probably couldn’t take it.” Anon expelled.You squint your lime-green eyes at him, “And just why do you think I’d like to hear anything from the likes of you?” you sneered at him. Anon wasn’t a unicorn, or a pony for the matter. These creatures were the types you made fun of, not sip coffee with.“Dunno man, you’re like the only dude I’ve seen here in horsey village besides Applejack’s brother. And I certainly can not tell this to him.” Anon replied.This intrigued you. A story that he couldn’t tell a mare, or even the Princess’s friends? “Alright Anon, I guess you can ramble about whatever it is to me.” You snidely remark. And so Anon recalled the entirety of his first day of Ponyville to you.You are still Golden Badge, but now you have a massive erection.Anonymous told you in full detail about what he accidentally did the Princess and her student. Everything. Even the gross parts. Celestia almighty, the things ponies would pay just to try what Anon did unknowingly. You tried your hardest to conceal your rigid cock from Anon, the head pushing up against the flimsy metal table. The table started tilting towards Anon, but he was tall enough to not even notice it moving. “Hot damn,” Anon breathed as he stretched back, “that felt really good to get out. Thanks Badge.”You couldn’t even reply right now, your eyeballs were popping out of your skull, but luckily your dark as buck shades covered it up for you. You hadn’t bust a nut in over a month, all thanks to Sheathed September. But this was it. “I was doing so well…” you softly cried to yourself. Anon’s bucking crazy story set you over the edge, your brain flooded with him violating the Princess with those weird claws on the end of his hoof. You could tell you were about to burst at any second.“Welp, thanks a bunch Golden. I feel so much better actually talking out with a friend.” Anon beamed. “I guess Twinkle was right with all that friendship shit.” He muttered to himself. Anon stood up, still unaware of the tilted table beneath him. “You’ve been a good bro, so…” Anon began as he reached towards you.Anon’s hand made direct contact with your golden mane and plaster white ear. The instant he began scratching, you couldn’t hold anything else in. A downpour of sticky strands flood from your horsecock, coating the underside of the table and the dirty cobblestone below. Your tongue lolls out as you push into Anon’s hand, eagerly wanting more. Anon just chuckles to himself, unknowing of the marshmallow-y mess you were currently making. A deep and warm feeling made itself known from your horn. “Sweet Celestia nooooo….” you moan out before erupting your horn all over his shirt.“Son of a bitch! Not my Ralph Lauren classic polo!” Anon shouted out loud. He stopped the head pats to hastily wipe your concentrated magic off his apparently expensive shirt. The lime-green goo soon found itself stuck to his hand, and the way Anon was eyeing it really didn’t sit well with your conscious. Anon turned his head towards you, and merely asked “It’s… it’s not gay right?”“Whhhaaa?” you simply gargled out. Anon just shrugged and licked the discharge off in one pass of his mouth. That was apparently the incorrect answer. The ponies around you watching the entire event had either fainted or were watching the oblivious Anon ingest your horn spunk with some serious lust.“Yo, holy shit!” Anon exclaimed, “This tastes just like cherry limeade!” You just watched in horror as he tells everypony around you what you taste like. You’d be turned on, just you already blew a massive load on the floor and Anon was, in fact, a guy.Soon enough a crowd of ponies were flocking to the scene, and multiple began shouting out. “Trixie will pay 50 bits for you to do that!” said one uptight unicorn. “I’ll pay you 100!” said another. “200!” said a third.Anon put on his big manly human voice and addressed the crowd. “Alright, alright wait just a fuckin’ second. Jesus.” He took a second to actually form a coherent thought. “Everyone line up! Pay what you want, but if I hate the flavor, you get no more.”Unlicensed head pats, belly rubs, and horn jobs were technically illegal in Equestria, but you were too incapacitated to restrain Anon, plus, you were a receiver of a head pat and you would quite be a hypocrite to do so.Anon pulled up couple chairs and formed a makeshift bench for his clientele. The bucker is so big it took 5 chairs just to make a suitable area for him. He sat down and looked at the first mare in line. “So, who’re you miss?” He asked her. “I am the Great and Powerful Trixie! And I would like a horn touch please….” She trailed off, obviously embarrassed to receive something so lewd out in public.“ONE HORN JOB! CHOO CHOO!” Anon shouted out loud. Trixie’s light blue coat basically turned purple with her blush. “Just teasin’” he smirked at her. Anon gripped the base of her pastel blue horn and began to slowly rub one out. He equated it to just jacking himself off, and the fact he was getting paid for this made it so much less awkward for him. “Good god, am I just a glorified pony prostitute?” Anon whispered to himself quietly.Trixie craned her big ol’ pony head towards Anon, trying to look him in the eye. “Trixie doesn’t care what you are, just keep going~” she moaned. Anon took the queue, and began sliding his hand faster and faster, eager to finish off Trixie to get to his other customers waiting in line.So many different musks were littering your snout, you were certain your brain would go into sexual overdrive. Anon could tell too as he pulled his shoes off as set them somewhere high up. “Golden! Be a dear a grab some buckets and some towels!” Anon yelled over at you.Gaining feeling in your body once again, you looked over to Anon and just yelled at him. “Buck you, you lanky bucker! I should turn you in for all of this!” Deciding you actually should follow through, you charged up your horn to fire a bolt of incapacitating magic at him. Anon was too busy jacking off Trixie to even notice you, so this was your chance to strike.The bright green magic left your horn and shot directly toward Anon’s head. It collided, then simply bounced right off. Anon looked up for as second, looked around, shrugged, and resumed finishing off Trixie. Defeated, you turned tail to walk back to the station and stepped right a puddle that spread itself from beneath all the mares waiting for Anon’s treatment.“Oohh~ Trixie is s-so close!” she yelled out loud. “Ah shit man,” Anon asked out loud. “How am I supposed to harvest your horn stuffs?”“S-suck Trixie’s horn~” she offered.Anon took a second to think about this. Just kidding, he didn’t. He slid Trixie deeper into his lap and stuffed her horn directly into his mouth. Right then, Trixie couldn’t handle it, and released the raw magic down Anon’s gullet. Trixie let out an insane moan right before slumping into Anon’s chest. The group of mares watched with pure bliss, many leaking profusely and sporting rather erect wings.“Oh fuck yeah!” Anon shouted. “You taste like blue raspberry! You definitely get to come back for more.” Anon moved the sack of bits from the light blue mare to the side and set Trixie down so she could regain proper motor function. “All right,” Anon called out, “who’s next?”You are Anon, newly minted man-slut extraordinaire, rubber of pony bellies, massager of wings, connoisseur of ear scratches and glorious headpats, but most importantly, chief of illicit hornjobs. You new pal Golden Badge looked upset about something, probably that you weren’t sharing your recently acquired harem of mares with him. Honestly, he just should have asked, servicing all these mares was proving to be quite troublesome, and only a handful of them were even unicorns too, so you had the whole horn biz down.But even after 8 unicorns and a boatload of other mares satisfied, the ever-expanding pile of cuddles was starting to grow tiring in your magic soaked mind. You’ve already made a hefty sum of these “bits” pleasing all the ponies, but hot damn you’re just out of it right now. You did fulfil your original goal, that being you finding more flavors of sparkly horse magic, and just about all of them were great. Trixie was the best flavor so far; blue raspberry is the god amongst all flavors and you’re sure nothing can beat it.Just about every flavor was amazing. Two of the unicorn mares that were in line tasted like bubblegum and strawberry. One fucker had the audacity to come to the fuck bench with her stupid dark brown magic. You were hoping for a sweet chocolate, but surprise! It’s fucking off-brand coca cola. Like you go to Wal-Mart and find this Diet Dr. Thunder shit. It was terrible. You still swallowed it all anyway since she paid you good money for all that jazz.Deciding that you had earned your fair share today, you began to move your pile of sleepy mares to uncover your massive burlap sack of these so-called bits. They looked like solid gold coins, which just proves how good of a man-whore you are. After digging through for your treasure, none other than your landlord Twilight strolled into the food district. She turned to look at you, then to the pyramid of ponies next to you. Her adapt mind then pieced the two large puzzle pieces in front of her near instantly. “Anonymous! Just what do you think you’re doing out here?!” she barked out at you. “Uhhh, making friends?” you outright lie to her. “Nice try Anon, but I can smell the sex from here. It bucking reeks! Sweet Celestia, just how many of them did you buck?” she shouted out at you.“Surprisingly none of them,” you respond to her. “I just gave all my new friends here to horn massages and belly rubs! They really liked them, and a lot of them tipped me too!” You had to play the idiot here, so you gleamed at her, hoping that you could make her buy the lie.“Anon I’m not stupid. I know that you know what you’re doing. You even did it to me-” Twilight froze on the spot. A simple slip of information had your whole cuddle pile looking in awe at her. Soon enough they were all chatting amongst themselves about the revelation.“Wow! We were serviced by somepony who did the Princess!”“This is such a privilege!” “Trixie can’t believe Sparkle was first…” “This still isn’t gay right?”While the collective conglomerate of pony kept embarrassing Twilight, you nabbed your bag of coin and free wheeled it on outta there. However, outta there was right back at the castle. The coin bag was actually really fucking heavy, and slinging it over your shoulder like you were the fucking Hamburglar wasn’t doing any wonders to your already sore muscles. You reached the glossy quartz steps and pounded on the fucking huge ass doors hoping Starlight or that Spike kid would let you in. Like 10 seconds after beating the shit out of the door, the deadbolt behind clicked and the massive doors swung open. In the middle of the foyer was none other than Twilight, cheating her way home with her stupid god powers. “Gah, fuck.” You pouted at her. “Just exactly what was that out there Anon!” Twilight exploded out at you, “Do you not understand how completely ILLEGAL what you did was? There is a strict ruleset when it comes to administered pleasure to ponies! You can’t just sit on a bench and rub tummies to your heart’s content!” She took a second to huff in some air, shouting sure is hard after all. “Sweet hay Anon, do you know what the punishment for that sort of commodity is?”You merely shook your head at her, the answer not in your own grasp, yet it was so close.“The time for the crime,” Twilight began, “a WHOLE week in the prison.” She shot daggers into your soul with her stupid giant horse eyes. “No pony has come out the same from there, and their sentences are usually only a day or two. Only the most heinous crimes reach a length like that.” “Wait a fuck, a week? Shit man with all this bank I’m making that seems completely worth it.” You weren’t even fazed by Twonkel’s super spooky pony jail story. Jail back home was super duper intense, this shit sounded like kindergarten. “Anyhoo, you said something about rules for all this jazz? Gimme the rule book and I’ll be the toppest tier belly rubber in the entirety of Horse Dimension!”Twilight still looked real fuckin’ mad at you, her whole spiel on jail basically wasted on your ears. But her gaze shifted to one of an upset yet smug contemplation. “You know what, fine. If you can manage to get this right I won’t be on your back about it. But if you get arrested I’m not posting bail for you.” She turned and just about screamed down the hall, “SPIKE! GRAB THE EQUESTRIAN BUSINESS GUIDELINES VOLUMES FOURTY-FIVE THROUGH FIFTY-SIX!”Moments later the little purple abomination waddled in carrying a giant stack of thick leather books. “Wait, leather? How the shit do the ponies get leather?” you think to yourself. “Is there some mass amount of eugenics that I’m unaware of?” Your quick line of thought was broken with the massive thud of heavy ass books slamming the cold floor beneath you.“Alright bitches, time to book!” you exclaim outwardly to the present company. “I’ll be the best business man here in Pony Land and just fuckin’ watch me do it!” You leaned down and grabbed the bound instructions to be a local god and took off to your room somewhere hidden amongst all the other rooms in the castle.It turns out you made a wrong turn and got yourself real lost amidst the thousands of doors. Even with your door being a bit taller than the others, you’re really going to start hating doors here soon enough. Something a bit less than an hour passed after you located the slightly bigger door that held your bland ass room. You threw down the bound books and admired the room you were graciously gifted. Over the days you spent in it you had gathered a few knickknacks from Twilight’s other friends and used them to decorate your place. You got a multitude of winged pony posters from Rainbow Dash, who explained all about the ‘Wonderbolts’ in detail that’d get Twilight wet. You didn’t object, but you wanted some big tiddie anime girls to hang up since no one here would understand what they even were.Rarity was cool enough to get you some new duds, since the previous ones were stained beyond belief. You lied and told her it was apple juice but you’re pretty sure that she could smell the stains when you entered the weird tent house. Anyway, she insisted that she make them, and you could repay her later with “other means.” If gossip got around, you knew exactly what that meant and weren’t sure if you’d fuck her for clothes.Her other pals had sent over various trinkets, but the top of the list was Pinks. You two were going to be the greater-est of friends, at least that’s how she said it. Her always-set-to-eleven personality really bothered you at first, but after a bit, you were able to make references that no one else but her were able to understand. You honestly weren’t sure how, but someone to be abruptly silly with helped ease your apathetic spirit. She constantly sends over sweets and baked goods that just about make you cream yourself. Turns out she was what made the entire kitchen pink that day you showed up.Still with friends fresh in your brain, you had met many of the townsponies walking around with Pinkie. She insisted on introducing you to everyone, so they wouldn’t be frightened of you. Turns out most were wary, but none were outright scared of you. You decided to have a word with Starlight later on about that. You hadn’t diddled any of Twilight’s friends, or anymore of the townsfolk (yet), mainly since Twi wanted to keep all your biz secret. It wouldn’t be all illegal and shit like Twankle said if they’re consenting, and in their own home hopefully.But that’s why you’re in your crystalline room. To learn you somethin’ good about horsefucking! With a constant bass drone crossed with the THX theme constantly playing in the back of your conscious, you peeled open the first business-law-book-thing and got your ass to reading. “Ohohoho dude, it’s a book!” said brain. “You haven’t fucked with one of these in a while!”“Shuddup brain. Get to absorbing all this good book juice.” You command to your subconscious.Your eyes scanned each tea-stain colored page, taking more and more information to help you avoid the slammer and make some sweet dosh. Lots of papers and permits were required to make sure you ran a legitimate business and it looked like you need a place to operate. From at least what you know, purchasing a venue to fuck horses might cost a pretty penny. But you know what doesn’t cost just about anything? A shoddily nailed wooden booth with crudely painted letters.And that’s exactly what you did. The local fillies weren’t happy with you stealing their lemonade stand spot, but that’s prime real estate bitch. First come first serve and all that biz. You stepped back to admire the splinter filled sign that resided on top of the wooden beams. “Anon’s Headpat HQ” was sloppily painted out in white, with a multitude of nails holding everything together. This massive pile of wood was basically a timebomb, and you were certain that the title sign would fall down and send nails flying across the plaza. Oh, and it took you a week to figure out how to use an Equestrian hammer. You weren’t going to ask Twilight for help, and since you couldn’t interact with magic shit all too well, it felt like you were slapping nails with a pillow every time you used it. So, you bashed the hell out of the nails with a rock. Way to go Mr. Caveman.Aside from that, a small silver bell and a professional looking briefcase sat on top of the smooth desk surface, which was actually the desk Twilight put in your room, but you couldn’t properly make a desk, so you just pulled it out into the town.Below that was your list of services and the accompanying prices. So far you only had 5: headpats, ear scritches, wing massages, belly rubs, and horn jobs. You pulled over the office chair you stole from a closet and a couple benches from the café and BAM! You had a sweet ass business.Everything was ready to go. You kicked your feet up on the desk, interlaced your otherworldly fingers behind your head, and waited for the customers to rack up. And wait you did. It took fifteen minutes for any ponies to even glance at your shack, and another good thirty before a familiar light blue pastel pony showed her way up to the stand.“Haha! It is I! The GREAT and POWERFUL Trixie!” She introduced, once again. “Golly Anon, Trixie looked all over the food court for you! Trixie requires another helping of those ‘hands’ you so graciously give.” Christ this mare and the third person references. She lowered her snout to read the black painted prices on the front of the desk. “Anon, Trixie thinks you’re selling yourself short here. These prices are absurdly low!”You really didn’t get the whole sense of economics here in Horseville. Sure, the first time you did all this biz you had an entire robber sack of bits, but those were what those ponies wanted to pay you: just tips for services rendered. Like honestly, how do you price a bellyrub? You understand nothing. You’ve bought absolutely nothing with your mass amounts of bits yet. Twilight just buys all the groceries for y’all, you have no clue what even a fucking carrot would cost you here.“Aight ya baby blue beauty, what do you think I should price all this?” you ask Trixie. “You’re so great and powerful, I don’t know jack shit, so how about you give me the roundabout on the works.”“Well then Anonymous, if you insist. Trixie will gladly help you charge the perfect price for your pony petting palace. But! You must return the favor with a no-charge bellyrub!” she replied, a giddy smirk smeared over her snout. “Aye sure that sounds fair enough,” you immediately follow with, and proceed to scoop her up into your arms without even asking her for permission.A small “Eep!” leaves her face as you carry her over to the two benches that are all but taped together. These ponies are light as fuck, just like holding a big ol’ plushie. So, you sat down, spread your legs, and plopped her into your lap. She sat into you, like you were a human bean bag chair, and just melted into your figure. It was time to engage the belly rubbing procedures.HANDS: PRIMEDKNUCKLES: CRACKEDISRAEL: DESTROYEDSLEEVES: NON-EXISTANTBELLY RUBBING IS A GO!Your dexterous fingers soon met themselves with Trixie’s light blue chest fluff, and they carefully separated the fine weave of fur, following the path of the hairs down to the root. Slowly your hands went lower and lower, meeting midway between each set of hooves. In the prime belly real estate, you flexed your middle joints, letting the tips of your fingers gently press into her stomach and scratch the itch she never knew she had. It was common for ponies’ tongues to just hang out of their mouths during intense pleasure, and now that Rarity had made you some basic ass t-shirts, you had a set of clothes that could take the whole nine yards. Her tongue (sadly not blue like everything else about her) was letting a fine rope of drool slowly take customs to gravity and finding itself plastered over her chin, chest, and rather close to your shirt. But this was no bother. An acceptable causality in the line of work.Ove the course of a couple minutes, you let your fingers run over every explorable inch of her soft tummy, leaving no itch left unscratched. Of course, however, there was the large issue with all the mares you had ever touched. Her marehood was profusely leaking. You’d’ve thrown her off for staining your pants, but these were work jeans, and Trixie refused to take off her cape, which was conveniently soaking up any juice that ran off her drenched pussy.“Dude. Does just a simple fuckin’ belly rub get all your horsey marbles off?” you ask in a monotone voice.“Gllutrrghhhhh…” was what you got. It seems like her tongue just didn’t want to be a part of her body anymore. Speaking of body parts, that horn was looking mighty appetizing right now. You let the whole town know that she was your favorite flavor, and goddamn you could use some more blue raspberry in your life. The internal 4 second dilemma was over, and you knew she wouldn’t object to a free hornjob. What sane person would refuse getting the pp touch? Hoping you wouldn’t fry her pony brain with all this pleasure, you ran your own tongue up against the length of her horn. You felt her entire body seize, her stomach becoming rigidly tight before the blue raspberry marecum smell hit your nose. An arc of it had sailed out from her and splattered across the cobblestone. If you knew how godly that smelled earlier, you might’ve taken on a more direct approach to get it. But right now, the focus was simultaneously giving a belly rub and contorting your neck to get that sweet, sweet horn spunk. It’s like you were addicted to blue raspberry and just didn’t know it at the time.Just like last time apparently, a crowd of ponies had turned up God knows when, and when you looked to see just how far the squirt of love went, your eyes meet a dozen or so mares, and one positively blank colored unicorn. It was your pal Golden Badge, and he didn’t look so happy. That might be from the streak of marecum splashed across his shoulder, and the very acts you were committing in the public of the town square.You excitedly waved a hand at him and shouted out ‘Heya pal!’, except you still had a mouthful of Trixie’s horn, so it sounded more like “HgeyyAUh puuhal!” Streaks of spit flew from your own mouth in his direction and he recoiled from the bioweapon you so easily produced.“Anonymous!” Golden barked out at you. “What in the name of Celestia are you even-”You cut him off with a raised finger. At least they understood some basic gesture you made with your hands. Trixie’s breathing was a lot more ragged now, you knew the delicious payload was here. Like before, everything in her tightened up. A loud moan not unlike any hentai you had seen came from her, and the orgasmic process began. The magic pulsated from the base of her horn, then shot directly into your eager maw. The cool and sweet flavor rushed over your senses, a feeling of tasteful euphoria washed over your being. The fizzy magic swirled over your taste buds, a feeling you were now welcome of. Leeching enough of the flavor, you swallowed at all in one gulp, feeling positively happy.“Hot diggety damn!” you yelled out. “That’s some good fucking flavor!” Trixie was limp in your lap, so you just pushed her off onto the fuck bench. “Anyway Golden, what was it you wanted?”The sheer look of confusion and fury was unsettling to say the least. His brow was so furrowed that the lime green of his eyes seemed to take up all the room on his expression, and anything not encompassed by that was the pink-red of what where normally his eye whites. Veins on the sides of his head had become so pronounced you stopped worrying about consequences for your business and for his own health. If his mane wasn’t already a sleek gold, you’d swear the fucker was about to go Super Saiyan. Badge couldn’t think straight. His mind was stained with Trixie’s cum and rage. If the red in his vision wasn’t anger he definitely popped a vein somewhere. But then, with a blinding light of lime green that would make a Scout main cry, he fired off a magical spell; one designed to kill. Right at you.You yelped, and shielded yourself, hoping the meat on your arms could save any of your internal organs and your face. What neither of you were ready for, was the spell harmlessly defecting off you into the stratosphere. You cautiously peeled your limbs off your face to see Golden Badge look like he just pissed the bed. “Dude,” you began, “I have the paperwork for this shit.”He just looked at you incredulously. He had nothing left on you. All he could do was yell. “BUCK YOU ANON!” You were not one to lose a shouting match. So, you decided this was an all or nothing. “FUCK YOU BADGE!”“BUCK YOU, YOU LANKY BITCH!”“FUCK YOU, YOU MARSHMALLOW FAGGOT!”“RETARDED APE!” “YOU’RE ONE CHICKEN NUGGET SHORT OF A HAPPY MEAL!”“Wha?” Golden coughed. Now was your chance!“FUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKK YOOOOOOOOOUUUUU!” You screamed, accompanied with the most unforgivable gesture of all. The double middle finger. But with that, something sparked within you. It felt like a burp that got stuck in your throat, but in your hands. Crackling electricity formed around your knuckles and a gay magenta formed around your left middle finger. On the other hand, literally, was an all too familiar blue wrapping itself around the right finger.In a dramatic gesture you flung out your hands for the double middle finger to reach it’s intended target. What surprised everyone involved or just watching was the twin lasers you shot out of your fingertips into Badge’s face. Badge did a sick ass backflip from the impact and landed on his stomach with a thud. His face was blackened with soot, and his shoulder still had Trixie’s cum on it. The circle of mares at the scene looked down at Badge, then back to you, still staring at your erected middle fingers.“Holy shit,” you breathed as you looked back up to the crowd. “I’m a fuckin’ wizard y’all!”You had to test out all this shit. Even for all the trouble you give Twilight for testing things, this wasn’t just any run of the mill science experiment she’d run on you, this way past cool. You reached out your right hand, and thrusted a pointing finger out, only for nothing to happen.You tried a multitude of ways to reactivate your finger blast. A series of gestures or keywords had to get it going again.“Fuck you!”“Laser!”“Kamehameha!”“Imma firin’ ma lazer!”From finger guns, to more middle fingers, nothing was working out in your favor. The initial ‘fuck you’ plus middle finger combo didn’t work again, so you reluctantly decided to go to the town’s magic expert. After you clean up of course. No reason to leave your hard work all sprawled around for any of these ponies to mess with. With a briefcase of legal jargon tucked under your arm, you threw the conveniently placed tarp over your stand, hopped into the office chair, and kicked your way back home. The cobblestone path was rather bumpy under the hard-plastic wheels, but it was an efficient way to travel for someone who couldn’t teleport. Yet.Throwing the chair into the brush for later use, you ascended the crystal steps up to the door. Another attempt at magic was had, but your mind wasn’t able to pull the doors open sadly enough. Instead you opted to beat the shit out of the door with your knuckles, not stopping until something opened the door for you. A mint green washed over the handle and you soon found yourself face to face with Starlight. She wasn’t as skittish as when you first met her, but she still felt wary of you.“Starbright! Where the fuck is Twilight!” you shouted at her. She scooted back from you out of habit, but you had no time for this. “C’mon dude! There’s a goddamn magical mystery afoot!”“Sh-She’s at a summit meeting with the other princesses,” Starlight managed to tremble out, “what kind of ‘magical mystery’ do you mean Anon?”“I fuckin’ shot dual laser beams outta my fingers that’s what!” you shouted once again. “Whatever the hell Sprinkle is doing can wait! Tell her to get her soft purple ass over here now!”“I c-can’t Anon, the summit meetings are specifically designed to hold the occupants within with a magic seal until proper arrangements are met. I may be a strong magic user, but not even Twilight, the Element of Magic, can break out!”“Well, can you get us in?” you pondered to her.“Excuse me? You just think we could easily teleport into a meeting of 4 princesses?” she deadpanned. “Anon, that meeting is sealed from the inside out. No one will get in or out. Besides, none of us can even use magic on you. It just slides or bounces off.”Damn. She was right. There was no way for you to easily get to where ever this meeting was. “It’d take a miracle and a half for the answer to just show itself off.” You sighed. “Did somepony say a miracle!?” A third voice entered in, resonating somewhere near your waist. And in your waist, it was. Lo and behold, Pinkie’s entire head was protruding from your right pocket. “Look Nonnie, I can get you both in, but you have to Pinkie promise to keep your eyes completely shut for the next 2 minutes and 23 seconds! And don’t question it! Ever!”Accepting what the fuck was going on, you held out your last finger. The pinky. “Ok Pinks, you don’t, um, have pinkies. How the fuck do we-WHAT THE FUCK!” Pinkie had blown so hard into her hoof that a couple of balloon-like appendages protruded from said hoof.“Since ponies don’t have hands like you Nonnie, I had to settle with a crazy set that ended up with a cupcake in my eye!” she gestured like there was in fact a cupcake in her hoof going into her eyeball. “This really makes this the most truest Pinkie Promise ever!”You awkwardly gripped the sausage-like finger with your own pinky, and you both shook on it after. “Alright Nonnie! Shut those peepers! You too Starlight!” Pinkie left your pocket and enveloped you and Starlight into a tight hug. Your hands covered your eyes, not allowing you to see what the fuck was going on, and to not break your promise. Suddenly the floor gave way from under you and the air around dropped 30 degrees (in freedom units you commie fuckers.) A split second later talking could be heard across the… well where ever the fuck you guys were.“Okiedokie Anon! You can open your eyes!” Pinkie chirped. “That didn’t feel like 2 minutes and whatever you said earlier Pinkie, just what bullshittery do you think—” she placed a hoof on your face.“Shhhhhhhhhhhhhut the buck up. You promised to not question it.” She whispered.“Ok, fair point.”Around you were, again, more fucking tall ass walls, with ceilings so far away it was just like Twilight’s castle. The floor, thank christ it wasn’t crystal, was a sleek tile checkerboard, like something you’d see in a 50’s kitchen. Gold trim ran rampant across the pale white walls, equally littered with columns to support this architectural nightmare.Right next to you three was a giant, and you really mean it, a giant fucking golden door, and you knew just how to enter it with style.Knock na na knock knock, knock- KASLAM!You three all kicked the shit out of the door, which swung open into the main room. Stained glass windows decorated all of the sides of the foyer, and a majestic long-ass red carpet weaved from the door all the way to be what looked like a pair of thrones. And sitting on and around those thrones where the 4 princesses of Equestria.Fun fact, the other 3 princesses had never seen you before. So, Twilight was the one to speak up while the others gawked at you from afar. “How, pray tell, did you three get here.” Twilight asked a calm as she could, keeping from exploding into chunks in front of the other princesses. “This entire floor was warded off. Every form of entry should have been denied, and you Anon! You can’t even teleport here! HOW!!”You merely pointed down. “Pinks did it,” The pink pony was relentlessly trying to crawl under the carpet, hoping to escape whatever punishment would be doled out.“Figures.” Twilight sighed, already giving up knowing Pinkie broke through Equestria’s most advanced warding spell with ease. “Might as well use this to slide into the next topic,” she grumbled. She turned back to the three staring alicorns. “Everyone, this is Anonymous. The alien who crash landed in Equestria and who has been living in my castle for the last 3 weeks. He is incredibly tall, crass, and annoying. He somehow speaks our language and is completely null to magic effects.” He kept a deadpan expression for all the explanation. “He currently has a job doing Celestia knows what to ponies for large amounts of bits, and that’s probably why he violated another thousand rules to see us today, isn’t it Anon?”“Haha, no lol Twinkle. I followed those to a T. However, something else has arisen from all the fun I keep having.” You replied. “I managed to shoot magic lasers out of my fingers. And I can’t seem to do it again, so I need your help.”Those sentences hit Twilight like a wagon full of bricks. “You… magic???” she weakly puffed out. “Want… help… from me?” Twilight began to hyperventilate, a full-on panic attack about to set in.A white wing gently rested over Twilight’s back, which snapped her out of the stress induced trance. Princess Celestia took by her side, looking down into her eyes. “Twilight,” she began in a motherly tone, “It seems your friend needs your own guidance in the arts of magic. He obviously trusts you to take the effort to come here. I’ve seen the work you make with the younger unicorns, and Anonymous here should be no exception.”“You’re right Celestia, if I can teach hundreds of foals basic magic, I can easily teach Anon!” she piped. She turned back to him, but he wasn’t in the same spot he was of 4 seconds ago. “Oh sweet hay where is he.”You were now at the thrones with dark blue horse and other pink horse. Twilight was with white horse talking about feelings or something gay, so you wandered into the conversation of the other princesses. Dark Blue here was pretty tall. You only had to tilt your head down a tad to look into her giant eyes. ‘Now Anon’ you think, ‘what would be the best course of action to introduces ourselves as?’ They already heard everything about you from Twilight, how else where you to start up a conversation?“Sooo…. What’s your name Dark Blue?” you inquired towards her.“Are thou serious? You are unknown to thine own name? Has Sparkle not taught thou the names of her fellow Princesses?” she replied, clearly confused from your lack of knowledge. “Keep it up and I’m just going to keep calling you Dark Blue. Just tell me your name, christ…” you groan out.Sensing your impatience, she replied with an actual answer. “We are known as Luna! Princess of the Night!”“There ya go Luna, weren’t so hard was it?” You were going to give this mare an ear scratch for… iunno, I guess you just wanted to. If you’re the only fucker with hands around here, you should probably use em’.  You pulled a hand around to the side of Luna’s head, only for her ears to fold back and her eyes to shrink and display caution. A deep blue magic tried to move your hand away, but she was to busy staring at you when Twilight was explaining that you apparently have anti-magic shit going on.Hand to ear, deploying in T-minus 5, 4, 3, 2, 1!Your hand made contact with her ear, and you began to gently scratch around. All the worry in her eyes disappeared, a small disconnected smile forming on her lips. “Who’s a fluffy pony princess?” you cooed at her, still scratching.“We- We are…” she breathed, slowly melting into a pile of princess putty. Suddenly she snapped back to reality, quickly pulling her head away from your hand. “By thine own Stars! No stallion has ever displayed such forwardness unto Royalty!” She shouted.Twilight rushed over to the two of you looking like you had killed the president. “Anon stop! You don’t understand what you’ve done!” she basically screamed at you.“Whadda ya mean Twi? I’ve given scritches to everyone. How is Luna any different?” She leaned in closer to whisper in your ear. “Luna’s mind is fickle. Ever since she returned from her banishment, she still hasn’t exactly caught up on customs!”You two looked over at Luna, who was clearly comprehending some serious shit right now. “So? What could have possibly changed in 1000 years involving someone scratching a fucking ear?” you whispered back.“Well—” she began, but you didn’t have time for this shit. You addressed her in a normal voice again. “Looksy here Spankle, we’re getting off topic. I shot magic, and I want to it again. Teach me.”“Bu- uh- well… I mean after some encouragement from Celestia, I do think I can teach you Anon. But don’t think it’s just going to be a cake walk.” Both Celestia and Pinkie looked up. “Did someone say cake walk?” they replied simultaneously.“Celestia’s the white one, right?” you whisper again.“Yes Anon. And it’s Princess Celestia. She’s main ruler of this place you know.” She corrects.“Aight, glad we’re all caught up. Now let’s skedaddle. Luna is looking at me funny.” You reply.“That’s why I ran over here Anon. This one’s on you.” She nonchalantly replied.“What do you mean on me—” you were cut off by a thunderous exclamation from the navy-blue princess only 2 feet away.“SIR ANONYMOUS! WE HATH CONSIDERED THY PROPOSOTION AND SHALL ACCEPT GRACEFULLY!” she bellowed in what would be known as the ’Royal Canterlot Voice’. “NO STALLION OF ANY SORT HATH DISPLAYED SUCH ADVANCES FOR OVER A MILLENIA! AND FOR THAT WE ACCEPT THY HOOF IN MARRIAGE!”A fleeting sense of power in your legs. Ringing in your ears. Weird colorful horses in your vision. What the fuck happened and why is everything getting blurry? Wait, why’s the ground getting so clo-A seemingly endless black void stretches throughout your field of view, nothing else to capture your attention. A rising sense of dread starts to overcome you, but rational thinking keeps it back for the moment. Panicking is a bad choice right now, fucking hell what would Purple Horse do right now, that isn’t variable testing? She’d probably be calm and ask questions before finally breaking down. Worth a shot you guess.**“Welcome Anons and Anonettes, to the Wheel of Personality! I’m your host, TV-Host Personality Anon! Seems the main guy in charge had some sort of overload and short circuited the ol’ melon! So today, per regulations of the current governing body, whoever selected for this quarter’s wheel has the chance to take over!” A ruggedly handsome looking version of Anon donned in a two piece tux looks out over his audience. A hundred or so of the true Anon’s personality traits sit in a studio house looking on in anticipation of the rare wheel spin. To the side of Host Anon sat a comically large wheel with six distinct panels. “This quarter, six lucky personalities have the chance to deem themselves the ruler of the subconscious and control all the other aspects!” On the wheel sat the names of the six personality traits. Meek, brutal, emotionally challenged, cynical, analytical, and joyous. “Well folks, after the state mandated break, we’ll be back to spin this wheel!” Host Anon shouts, the hundreds of other Anon’s clapping and cheering.** Where the fuck are you? You know nothing of where you are or how you got here. What the hell happened? Something involving teleporting with Pinks, and now nothing. Christ, are you dead?! It’s too moderately temperate to be Hell, and too fucking dark to be Heaven. You’ll settle on Purgatory right now. Stay calm Anon, don’t fret. No need to fret yet at least. You can’t see jack shit around you, but your clothes emit a soft glow to let you know you’re not a disembodied voice. Wait, glowing clothes? Since when did you own a bitchin’ wizard get-up? It’s all decked out in gold stars against a blue robe. Sweet. Other than that, there’s no sounds, no points of reference, nothing.Might as well walk. And that you did. Only after wandering the dark for minutes did you hear a faint noise; was that cheering? Walking towards the source led you to what looked like a game show studio set. What the fuck. Who records shit all the way out here in fucking dark town?Getting closer to the set, the faint cheering is now all that you can hear, the applause ringing throughout this empty void. Before you lies a simple door, gray like the rest of the set, but without a doorknob. From beyond the intangible walls, a silky smooth voice rang out. It was familiar, like something you yearned to have. “And welcome back ladies and gentlemen! We hope you purchased a lovely accessory from tonight’s sponsor! With the end of our break, it’s time to spin the Personality Wheel!” the gorgeous voice spoke out.Wait a fuck, a personality wheel? What kind of garbage ass game show is this? Nothing for miles and this is all they could come up with? You need to have a word with them.“Who’ll be the lucky Anon to take over it all?! Lets! Spin! This! Wheel!” the voice shouted, and the clickety clack of a plastic hand running over short prongs filled the air in the room, the crowd going silent.Lucky Anon? That’s you! You gotta take it over! Fuck yeah! You pushed against the door, but it didn’t budge. Undeterred, you took a step back and put more force into your shove. Still, the door stood in place. Now you’re getting pissed off. Just like the internet said, you gotta kick near the lock. But this fucker doesn’t even have a doorknob. No matter to you, so with a swift kick to the middle of the door, nothing happened. Again.Now you’re really mad. No one or no thing is going to stop you from being the lucky winner! You positioned yourself optimally, and kicked as hard as you could. Nothing.“God FUCKING DAMNIT!” you screamed at the door. “FUCKING.” you shouted again, “OPEN!”A burst of magic shot from your hands, and impacted the door with a really fucking loud, but colorful explosion. You smirked, and walked through the doorway, masked by smoke and feeling real cool about getting magic to work again.When the smoke dissipated, what you witnessed didn’t help to explain any of the last few minutes. Everyone in the room was you. But not exactly you. Most had different clothes than what you’d normally wear, or some minor change to them. Longer or shorter hair, the resting bitch face, the air or confidence wasn’t present for many, and more.Every Anon variant was staring at you. The silky voiced Anon seemed to be the one on stage with you, evident of the slim microphone in his grasp and the stellar black tuxedo he was donned in. “Alright son, no need to interrupt the wheel,” TV Host Anon began, “just go back to your seat and wait for the result.”“Result? I’m Anon! I’m here to take it all over!” you asked confused. He just looked at you and laughed.“Ah, haha, I see. You’re one of the newest creations here. Son, we’ll ALL Anon here. Something’s real wrong with the chain of command to keep creating us personalities, so this here’s the way we determine who’s next when the Anon in charge blacks out too hard or experiences something he can’t take.”  TV explained.Christ that’s scary. Have you been making multiple you’s in your brain? Wait! You’re in your brain! You have total control over this dominion!“Looksy here pal.” you start, “I don’t know what wacko scenario the ol’ brainerator came up with, but I’m just gonna have to stop you all right here.” Surely in the most manly power move you could manage, you grabbed the wheel and tore it from the wall. Everyone in the room gasped. Reaching into your hella slammin’ wizard robes, you pulled a black marker out of it. Your brain, your rules ya know? You then proceeded to scribble out every one of those dumbass personalities, and simply wrote “Fuckin’ Awesome Wizard” over them.The magic felt normal now, maybe that’s because you had cool robes, or the fact you actually had a beard this entire time. Didn’t feel like acknowledging it earlier, but you honestly like it. Feeling the magic course through your veins, your finger lit up, and you picked up the wheel in a telekinetic grasp. Fuckin’ natural. Suck on that Twilight.You placed the wheel in its original place, and gave it a comedic spin. Surely enough, it landed on one of your newly printed labels. “Suck on that you good looking bitch!” you remarked to TV. A heavenly beam of light poured into from the inky void, sourced from what appeared to be a trapdoor pulled open. It enveloped you, and a recognizable tone spoken out. “What up faggot?” you spoke out. But not you, you. The real you. Long fluffy hair, an unreadable face, exquisite plaid overshirts, and some worn out jeans. You reached out to yourself from the hole in the sky, and hosted yourself up into a control room.Confusing ain’t it? You’ve actually been Wizard Anon this entire time. Your brain manipulation? Nah, man, just the power of plot magic, and real magic to be honest. But now, you’re the real Anon. The big man in charge. The big boss.You looked at your wizardly portrayal of yourself. “Ready to get this dumbass booted up? I crashed this meat machine and I think I really need a co-pilot now. I think a slammin’ wizard me will fit the bill just nicely. Can’t go around fucking everything up without a handy dandy co-pilot to save my ass.”Wizard you agreed to join, and sat down at the control panel. You joined him and strapped into the cushy office chair. A big red button labeled “REBOOT” started to emit a harsh red glow. A key was turned, and you slammed down onto it.******“Is he supposed to be frothing Twilight?” Luna asked to you.“I don’t know! He’s a one of a kind! I haven’t had time to study him in that way yet!”you panicked. “I doubt that he’s too different from ponies, BUT FROTHING ISN’T GOOD!” you broke down, for more reasons than one. Your horsebando was now violently foaming at the mouth, and a superior princess just agreed to marry him! This was not good at all! No more head pats, no more late night creeping on him, no sexual touching!Hyperventilating was all you could do. Your eyes were bulging out of our head. Everything was taking a turn for the worse. ‘What did Anon do in these times?’ you thought. He was always relaxed, too relaxed most of the time, but still. There it is. His methods. How could you ever forget what he said? You took a few deep breaths, letting the air fill your lungs.“FUUUUUUUUUCK!” you screamed in the Royal Canterlot Voice. That really hit the spot. No wonder Anon swears like this, it’s way more relieving.However now, all the ponies present in the room are staring at you. Note that was only ponies, Anon is still convulsing on the ground gargling out foam. You blushed sheepishly, forgetting you were in the company of the two rulers of Equestria, even if you were a princess yourself.“Wowie Twilight! You sounded just like Anon!” Pinkie exclaimed. “A little too much, if you ask me.” Starlight piped in.“Blughtgntkbbppbpbp” Anon replied, but not really. The foam was compounding around and out of him at an alarming rate. How he hadn’t died from choking to death was amazing.“Does anyone have some sort of an idea right now? Magic is a bust and it looks like we’re more likely to drown in his spittle before he finishes!” you ask out.“Ooh ooh ooh! Me me me me me! I have a super idea Twilight!” Pinkie exclaimed hyperactively. She bounced over like a well shaken soda can and landed directly on Anon’s chest.“KBLARK” was the sound Anon made, shooting a fountain of froth over Pinkie. “Ewie ew! I’m covered in Nonnie’s not good white stuff!” she whined. “This’ll take forever to get the smell out, yucky!”‘You bucking what Pinkie?!” you shouted. “Did you buck Anon under my nose you hyperactive whorse?!”“What? No silly! Anon just makes reallllllly good cheesecake frosting! We made cakes a week ago!” Pinkie replied. “Besides Twilight, you didn’t even claim him! Princess Luna just did!”That big blue bucker believes that she knows how to even start to care for Anon?! She’s known about him for less than an hour and they’re engaged! Anon might’ve only lived with you for only a hoofful of weeks, but that’s more than her! Should you have stopped Anon when he went for the ear scratch? He had no clue what it meant, but neither did anyone else in the room. You only knew from the hundreds of equine traditions books you read to not feel like a lonely sack of shit.Hearing her name, Luna stepped over to her new fiancée’s sprawled corpse. “Sparkle, what was the accursed word thou spoke that thine Anon repeats?” She asked to you.“Uhh, fuck?” you replied to the dark blue moon horse.“Very well then. Everypony, cover thy ears.” Luna looked down at Anon and quickly inhaled. “ANONYMOUS! WAKETH THE FUCK UP!” she bellowed in the completely OP voice.“AHHHHHHHHH! I HAVE RETURNED FROM THE GRAVE TO GIVE THE LIVING HAIRCUTS!” Anon screamed while achieving perfect rigidity in his lower back. He shot up like Pinkie on crack and just wouldn’t stop shouting. “WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON! I WAS ON TV! WIZARDS! MINIATURE VERSIONS OF ME PILOT THIS MEAT SUIT! FUCK! AAAAAAHHHHHHHH!” He collapsed back down into his foam pile, but now no longer expelling anymore of that foul substance. Dude needs to brush his teeth.Cadence, who couldn’t comprehend the current conundrum, cautiously cantered over to your crowd. The poor mare hadn’t spoken a single word since Anon barged in. “Should… should we move him somewhere… not covered in his own spittle?” she asked all of you.“Yes, that plan sounds quite fine.” Luna responded, electing to grab Anon’s pant leg with her teeth and began to drag him across the floor towards the wide open, towering doors. Thankfully he wasn’t dead. Your only source of conformation was the steady rise and fall of his chest and the quiet mumbles and grumbles that passed from his lips as the Lunar Diarch dragged him to a guest room.“Ahohmyouf ifh quih heafy!” Luna said through the tough denim sandwiched between her teeth. A bit of pulling led the group of mares and the KO’d dumbass to the guest room, where Luna then elected to spin around and fling Anon onto the small pony sized bed. Unfortunately, beds are made in mind for light pony folk, so you all watched Anon carreen through the air and smash that bed into dust.“Heavens above! Anonymous!” Luna shrieked while dashing to his ragdolled body. “Fuck thee fuck thee fuck thee, what hath we done?” ***Whoa ho ho! It’s Anonymous time! Now fully functional, you cracked your eyes open. Sure, you’ve only been out for a minute or two since the Blueberry Queen screamed in your ear, but now somehow you’re upside-down and in a pile of wood and... mattress pieces? Did you already have bed-shattering sex while you were unconscious? Damn, you wished you were awake for that. You’re getting married anyway, nothing too bad’ll happen if you fuck right now. Oh yeah, getting married. You actually fainted like some soap opera retard. You now fully opened your eyes. The party of six that were in the throne room seemed to have moved you to... somewhere else. It’s upside-down however, so the rest of your vision seems to be rather dark blue. “We? I hope that’s your old time-y talking Princess, we didn’t do anything!” Pinkie chirped out. You rolled your eyes upward to make out the other five ponies watching you and Luna. Cadence and Celestia looked at Luna while simply shaking their heads.“If it’s any consolation,” you started, opting to just flop to your side, “it feels like someone cracked every piece of my spine and I feel as limber as a twelve year old Asian girl forced to do gymnastics.” “By the stars! You’re alright Anonymous!” sighed Luna.“Well I mean, yeah. I checked out like a little bitch, but that’s the brunt of it. Maybe a lil mental trauma from the hallucinations, but go off I guess.” you replied. “And with that,” you began again, “why the fuck am I in a pile of bed?”“We apologize Anon, but thou seem much heavier than the eye lets on to. Our... efforts were within good intention but the fact of the matter is that your heft shattered the bed to pieces.”Luna responded to your inquiry.“Well golly gee Shakespeare, here I thought we did the do so well we brought the bed back to its basic components.”“Did the do? Anon, I don’t quite follow...” she paused. A creeping rush of blood ran to her snout, the deep blue slowly taking on the color of Twilight’s coat. “Anonymous!” she gasped. “How uncouth!” She giggled and smacked you gently with her hoof. “We are thousands of years old and as such we are a well traditioned mare.” She composed herself and looked out to the rest of the room. “Friends, we believe that we need some time alone with Anon to... talk, about our current situation.”One by one the other three princesses and their friends glanced at another and shuffled out of the tattered guest room. Twilight was the last to go and flashed a somber look at you before shutting the door.“Now then Anonymous,” Luna turned to you again. You were still slumped on your side, so you took the initiative to right yourself up, sitting right next to her. “We understand that thou were not knowing of our customs. Anypony with the gall to make such a move within mere minutes of introduction would have to be rightfully out of their mind or completely unaware of the situation they were in.”You were now confused. “Then, what of the, uh, marriage proposal exclamation?” You inquired back.“Anon, to be truly fair, t’was merely only a jest at thine expense. However, we did not plan for the sudden loss of thine consciousness, and the delirious screaming from thou. Anon, we meant it only to be seen as a ruse, but we... we feel something is amiss.” Dark Blue was looking right into your eyes, her own teal spheres gazing into your soul. A galaxy of stars swept through her mane as non-existent wind brushed it away idly.“Anon, we’re reminded of a time gone by with thou. A time of little prejudice from bygone actions and one of a more hooves-on approach to life. The carefree stance you showed immediately barging through our doors make us yearn for something we’ve not had in millenia.”A light blush crept upon her once again, still she continued to stare into your eyes. “While we may have been having a laugh in the beginning dear Anon, we... we wish to ‘get to know you’ as Celestia says. We may not like her wishes to take things slow in this age, but the matter stands my friend.” Man, you certainly sparked something here didn’t you? Just what horsefuckery would you find yourself in if you take her up?And just when do you ever think about risks you bumbling meat suit? You’ve defiled all of us in here already, more ponies aren’t going to harm us anymore. ‘Aha! Hello brain!’ you thought inwardly towards your everso ignored command center. ‘Sure has been a while since you spoke up!’What the hell are you talking about? We were just- ah fuck it nevermind lad. Just keep talking to the pretty horse. You know you like her.You take aim to think downwards a bit. ‘Heya, brain. Can you tell the good ol’ PP that he shouldn’t get his hopes up?’ You snicker at your own joke.Fuck you. Talk to the princess.‘Fine mom.’“An-anon are thou ok? Thou has been making faces for the last minute and giggling at the air. We fear we may have... in-insulted thou.” Luna quivered, fearing she royally fucked up.“Ah nah, don’t worry about me there. Just had a chat with the ol’ brain to get some ideas in line.”  You just looked back towards her and smiled, your eyes closed; a bright cheery expression that couldn’t ever be marred. You reopened your eyes to once again gaze into the teal pools that take up all of your current view. “Hey Luna.” you softly spoke.“Y-yes Anonymous?” she whispered.“Boop.” Your finger quickly unfolded itself from your fist and met its mark on the end of  Dark Blue’s snout. She simply looked at your hand cross-eyed before the same purple hue replaced the navy blue of her coat. Her left eye was twitching. Her chest seemed to be on the verge of convulsions. A sharp breath was drawn in, her soft coat expanding, before breaking down into a fit of giggle-snorts.“By-by my *snort* si-sister’s mane! Ahahah! Anon! Thou *snark* absolu-lute ruffian! *pffft~*” she barely managed to get out. She had fallen to her side, which put her right in front of you. ‘Damn, that didn’t work like it did on Starburst then. I guess it’s time for attempt two.’ you thought. ‘Brain. Prime the TM-2000.’Hands are locked and loaded. Target is wide open captain. ‘Excellent. Contact in... now!’Fingers primed, your hands met with the soft tuft of fur on her belly. A forest of deep blue seemed to simply absorb the image of your hands, but the resistance of her tummy helped remind you that one of your main advantages in this world wasn’t gone forever. Her infectious giggles were proven ineffective against you, but all sounds of joviality ceased as Luna looked up at you with wide eyes and the same purple-ish hue across her face. “You thought you were getting bellyrubs, BUT IT WAS I! THE TICKLE MACHINE!” you shout out. Your hands began to move erratically move across the surface of the princess, your fingers adding in another layer of complexly random movement. “Wha-hahAA~! HAha! An-Aon s-stop! Eee!” she squealed through hitched breaths.“Never! You have made a fool of me! Now I shall repay the favor!” you jest back. You choose to not let up your relentless attack with your dexterous fingers, Luna still squirming around beneath you and laughing to her heart’s content.Soon you found yourself feeling a tad weaker in the arms, the joints in your fingers feeling the buildup from aggressively flexing to release every giggle from Luna. She seemed almost breathless, the open smile on her face laughed silently as her chest heaved and twitched, but almost seemed painful from your relentless tickling. This was the indicator for you to finally quit your attack. The instant you let up, Luna followed suit and collapsed into a puddle of pony, quickly panting to regain air and composure. “Anonymous we, *huff*, didn’t expect thou to be so, aggressive in your torture. Truly no mere pony could easily pin us down and destroy our will to get back up.” she said with a smirk. “Verily, it seems that thou would prefer to keep us pinned down more and more if thou could.” “I’d say in your dreams Princess, but knowing you I have a sneaking suspicion that you’d be right in your element with them.” you retorted cheekily. She chuckled at that, but soon found herself looking at you quizzically. “Anonymous, how’st thou know so much of us despite not even knowing our name before meeting?” “Oh Luna,” you sighed, trying to ruffle the stars in her mane. “Do you honestly think Twilight wouldn’t lecture the history of Equestria to me like, I dunno, six times? I know all about what you guys do, but I didn’t have a face to put the name to.”A downtrodden look quickly replaced the amused glint in her eyes hearing your response. “So thou’st knows of our... history.” she whispered out. Small beads of tears began to accumulate in those giant eyes of hers, but you weren’t having any of it.“Do you really think, that out of all the living things on this weird ass planet, that I’d be the one to care whatever you did god knows however long ago?” Your thumb came up to her face, slowly wiping away the moisture before full on tears could appear. “To be honest,” you leaned in whispering. “It’s fuckin’ badass.” Her eyes simply widened as she focused on what you said. “You go all fuckin’ superpower mode, and take shit over. I love the kind of woman that can kick my ass.” you whisper into her ear. Luna’s ear flicks twice from the heat of your breath. Cute. ‘Should I really do this brain?’Goddamnit yes. Sweet sweet dopamine here we come.“Hey Luna?” you ask again in low whisper. You lean back and cup the other side of her face with your other free hand.“What is it Anonymous?” she whispers back, staring back at you, eyes still wide.“Going slow is for looooosers.”You leaned back in towards her and planted a firm kiss upon her navy blue lips. Nothing too long, but still something to get the ball rolling. That plan was then shot in the face multiple times as Luna locked her forelegs around the back of your head pulling you right back in as you went to dismount from your smooch.“MMphh!” That was the only sound you made, the surprise only able to escape through your nose. And a surprise it was. A quick kiss was fine, but this prolonged makeout was just something else. Luna had rolled to her side, pulling you along with her. No crazy pony magic was needed, but you did help her out by flopping yourself over her. No way she’d be able to drag you like that on her own.Do you know what a horse’s tongue is like? Well whatever it could be compared to, it was currently being jammed down your throat. You own tongue lost the battle, even with home advantage. It stood no chance against the mighty 8 inches of Luna’s mouth muscle, so you accepted your defeat here. You both continued to lay there; arms, hooves, and mouths interlocked. The ancient ritual of swapping spit between each other seems the make the seconds feel like hours. And as those perceived hours passed, you slowly broke the session to simply ask her a question.“How far will you let me get with this?” you asked in a low whisper. You were trying to go for alluring but since when had you ever needed to use that tone?Luna responded in a sultry whisper. “What thoughts swirl through thine mind Anonymous? We are certainly willing to the tried and true, but if thou have a more recent approach We shall certainly let thee try.”With permission granted, you pull yourself upright before helping Luna do the same. “Alright, there’s a serious height change from the last time I tried this, so you just sit still here.” you tell her. You take to your feet for a brief moment, just allowing you to position yourself right in front of her, the perfect position to let her muzzle rest at the same height as your stomach. “Here we are. Are you ready Princess? All you gotta do it keep it quiet when I start.”“Whatever would we keep quiet for? We should let the world--BY ALL CREATION!” she shrieked in pleasure. You had taken the dark blue alicorn’s massive and girthy horn into your hand and had begun to trace the inset spiral travelling from her skull to the very tip. Sharp breaths and small whinnies peeped out of her mouth as my hands moved agonizingly slow up her horn, making sure to feel every inch of it. It certainly wasn’t something she had felt in forever it looked like, she looked so much like Twilight did when you first fucked up; eyes crossed and trying to roll back into her head, her massive tongue simply flopped out of her mouth and let a small strand of drool stretch itself thin finding its way to the floor with the help of gravity.Soon you picked up speed. Instead of a slow ascent accompanied with a descent even slower, you had worked into a fluid up and down spanning the entire length of her horn in your grip. No longer did Luna out small squeaks and such; these were now moans. Deep lusty noises emanated from her throat, letting her pleasure be known to the world. Or at least to you, the raw sexual energy helping you pop a stiffy. This was the only thing to give you a boner here, besides the cycle of time itself. Certainly made mornings awkward when Twilight woke you up.“Oh ho ho~ What do we have here?” Luna purred at you. The interjection caused you to stop jerking her off for a moment. She seemed to be adamant about getting into your pants now that el peniso made his grand appearance. Despite the wishes of the solar matriarch, not even the evil workings of a man’s button and zipper would keep Luna from getting at the prize underneath your clothing. “Lucky for us, the magic which avoids thou certainly works on thine clothing Anonymous~” She was really taking it that far huh? You were the one who said going slow was for losers, guess you can’t complain. After struggling to work the simple act of unbuttoning pants, Luna managed to get your jeans out of the way before huffing in annoyance. “Anon. Why must thou wear a second pair of trousers under the first. We were close to the prize beneath.”“Hey don’t sweat it tall blue and cute. These lads slip right on down.” With one final tug your boxer briefs stretched across your thighs and your pp was known to the present company. “Luna, meet Anon Part Two: The Anonining.”“Anonining?”“Yeah, Anonining.”“Tis a difficult name to pronounce.” “Look you can call it whatever you want. Just do whatever you were going to do before.”“Very well.”While it’s true your peepee isn’t the greatest gift God ever made in the nine realms plus whatever this children’s book of a dimension is, it was average enough back home and now by the laws of the transitive property, it is the supreme tool here. It worked for what, two chicks? And now that the average size for something you’d be sticking your dick into has dropped incredibly, it makes your meat scepter look like you’re the top paid actor in the porno biz. With that said, your phallus bounced as the elastic from your briefs caught on the ridge of the head, rigid as all be. The spring action of your dick seemed to spook Luna, and not just because it suddenly brushed against her snout. Her fault, why’d she have to be so close?“Ack! Thou ruffian! Thou’st dare come untoward us so quickly?” Luna barked with a smirk.“Well I sure hope I won’t be cumming quickly. Would be quite the misfortune to be finished so soon in the presence of such a lady. You mocked with a half bow.“Eugh. Never do that again Anon.”“Yeah that was too far, nearly killed my boner.” “Goodness! Well we certainly can’t have that happening,” she whispered in the same sultry tones. “These sorts of deals are always hit or miss in the circuits of time.”“Hit or miss? I guess they never miss huh?” You just stood there with a dumb look plastered on your face. You just stooped down to the lowest form of comedy purely for your own amusement. No one here would ever understand what utter garbage you spewed, and surely that would be for the best. Except Luna took those cursed words to heart. Also your dick to her mouth.You can do the math. An 8 inch tongue versus... well, sadly not 8 inches, means that a certain someone was now standing on their toes from the sudden stimulation on their member. Since you’re the only one in a 500 mile radius with real toes, deductive reasoning finds that Luna’s tongue has spiraled around your cock. Call it fate, or a premonition, but Fibonacci was doing something right with that golden ratio. It had to be a perfect match of your length to Luna’s tongue to allow such immaculate spiraling, and somewhere in the stretches of the multiverse an italian and a cripple felt pride and accomplishment in your achievements. Simple bobs of her head we enough for her to let her nose continuously boop your abdomen, the wet slickness of her jaw convincing you that you actually died in the first place and this is just your own heaven. But for what reason should you hog all the bliss to yourself? You reached your hand back out and reclaimed the massive navy pole perched between the sea of sparkles Luna calls her mane. She responded immediately with a hearty moan, the walls of her throat buzzing the hell out of your dick. Once again you resumed the pleasuring of her horn. It was like beating your meat but at a weird angle. Horns are much harder than your own dick, except for that one time you were so inexplicably aroused that you could’ve registered yourself as an 11 on the Mohs hardness scale.Like all the other ponies, Luna seemed to be a quick shot as well. She was panting pretty heavily, probably a lack of oxygen nonetheless, but all the other signs of being close were showing up. Like every other unicorn, arcs of lightning jumped from groove to groove of her horn and small sparks were showering out to the air. Unlike any other however, was that these arcs looked huge and dangerous. The dark blue magic hopped around frantically, escaping the current of the horn and finding your hand as a suitable replacement for the least resistance.You’d expect huge crackling bolts of magic electricity to scar and burn your skin. It didn’t even hurt you, in fact it felt quite pleasant, recharging even. Aside from that, the source of the magic was ready to blow. “Are you ready for the final move?” you ask downward.Luna was too busy sucking you off to hear that. You took your hand off of her horn and tapped her on the cheek. Stepping back your meat was released with a pleasant pop as Luna pouted at you.“We had thou on the ropes! Tis not fair to suddenly stop now, as we are so close too!”“I know that Moonass, that’s why you forced my hand to use the final technique.”You stepped forward to perform the finishing blow. And slipped in some pretty pony princess pussy juice. You’re not sure how you missed it in the first place, the bottoms of your shoes had been soaked for the last 5 minutes.“Fuck” is all you can mutter as you careen to the floor. With a sick splat you feel the result of your work slowly soak itself into your shirt and pants. “I smell like a blueberry air freshener.” you spoke upwards. Luna only looked slightly mortified as you casually laid in her love puddle. “So uh, do we... keep going?” you ask. She’s still staring at you. You picked yourself up, dripping the puddle back onto the floor. “I’m gonna, uh, take all this off if that’s ok.” She slowly nodded at you.Peeling your shirt off gave Luna the sight she was waiting for. Shirtless you. It wasn’t even a rare sight to be honest, you’d wander the castle and town in just your undies. Twilight would then come by and magic on some clothes and mutter something about tempting the masses. Hypocrite she was, she doesn’t even wear clothes.Clothes now off, Luna kept looking you up and down. You’re just a lanky lad and not much else. Fit on the outside but not in, cardio is a bitch. “Welp, I guess we just... go back at it. But let's add something fun in now.” With that you pulled your tongue right up the length of her horn. She gasped aloud and you could feel her shudder in place. Luna was still close to finishing despite the little interruption, sparks were starting to form on the tip of her horn again. That said, you took a good portion of it down your throat. You could be a professional sword swallower if you tried, these alicorn horns are pointy as fuck. “F-fuck us...” Luna moaned in her silly old horse speak.You chuckled at that, and that in turn sent a shockwave of pleasure directly into her head. “O Ye Gods Anonymous! We’re cumming!” she shouted, but not in the super duper loud voice.‘We’re cumming? I haven’t came yet... what is she talking about?’ was all you were thinking as a powerful blast of magic nearly ripped out the back of your throat. Coughing and sputtering you managed to swallow most of the blueberry magic but some instead found its way in your nose. Ever had a particularly spicy burp after drinking a soda and having it burn your nostrils as it came up? It feels like that but ten times worse.“GAH! FUCK! IT’S IN MY FUCKING NOSE! SHIT!”You just ran around the room and yelled as Luna wobbled in place.“MY FACE IS FUCKING MELTING! CHRIST ALMIGHTY MAKE IT STOP!”A quick sneeze from you launched the remaining liquid magic onto a curtain, which promptly ignited itself. The door then burst open revealing the other three princesses and your partners in crime. “Oh hiya guys.” you casually waved at them all. Each pony had the same expression of confusion and arousal looking into the aftermath of your shenanigans with Luna. All except Pinkie who just kept the same giant grin since you last saw her, and frankly since you first met her.The room in particular was in shambles. The smashed bed had found itself in even more spread out pieces, multiple things were now on fire and smoking, you were clothesless, sporting a hardon with your pantaloons arounds your thighs, and Luna was passed out in the pool of her own cum. “WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO MY SISTER YOU LUNATIC!” Celestia shouted at you. “Uhhhhhh, she started it.” That was a blatant lie, but you still pointed at the still body of Luna hoping it’d work.“YOU THINK I CAN’T SEE THROUGH THIS FAÇADE?!” was her response, which included charging her horn up.“Ohgodohfuckpleasedon’tturnmeintoapileofmushshitfuckahfuck” you screamed while running in circles, avoiding Celestia’s gatling gun of a horn shooting deadly lasers. “Anon!” Twilight shouted at you, “Just stand still!”“Are you more retarded than normal right now? SHE’S GONNA MELT ME!” you screamed back.“Just do it you tall bastard!” she retorted.“AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!” you shrieked as you slid to a halt, Luna’s self lubrication doing its job somewhat as it propelled you across the room. A bright gold beam of the strongest magic in Equestria was then fired from the currently conscious sister directly at your chest, which to yours and Celestia’s surprise, bounced off, again. “I swear Anon, you’ve taken fifteen times the lethal dose of magic multiple times now and you’ve been surprised every time it’s happened.”“Don’t blame me you crazy bitch! It’s fucking scary!”“Ok, fine. How about this? Where are your clothes?” Twilight deadpanned to you. You simply pointed to the cum soaked articles on the ground. “Ok, first off, gross. Secondly, why are you arcing lightning everywhere?” Sure enough, those navy blue bolts were going haywire, jumping from each cum-puddle footprint across the floor directly into your body. You waved your arms in a rainbow shape, waggling your fingers simply whispering “magic.”“Yes I get it’s magic Anon, but what kind of magic?” Twimple replied.That’s right, magic is an actual thing and not some blow off answer to something you don’t understand. “Ain’t my magic Twiginometry, it’s all blue like Luna. It just likes me.” you smiled.“Wowie! All this glowy stuff sure likes you Nonnie!” said a muffled voice... from within... your chest?“Oh god oh fuck please tell me you are not actually inside if me right now Pinkie PLEASE GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY CHEST!” you screamed at the sugar horse.“Fine, fine, sheesh.” she responded, before tumbling out of the wardrobe adjacent to you.“I’m going to drink myself to death tonight. I pray that you didn’t fuck with my liver.”Somehow back next to the group of ponies she responded, “Oh don’t be such a baby, livers grow back.” She whispered to Cadence, “they actually do but I have to keep this gag going!~” Pinkie took the time to pull out a notepad and quickly scanned it over. “And with that, I’ve fulfilled the reference quota!” Pulling on a pair of swim goggles and a excessively long snorkel, Pinkie climbed up the wardrobe, bent her knees, and dived into the cum puddle. No drips, splashes or kerplunks, Pinkie’s dive sent her into the unknown, and out of the room.“I’m gonna learn how to do that, mark my fucking worms.” you proclaimed towards the remaining ponies.“Your... worms?” Asked Cadence. “Don’t you mean your words?”“No, you Bubblegum Dum Dum, I mean my fucking worms.” An awkward silence washed over all of you, no one really sure as how to respond to your ramblings. “Anyway, Twilight darling, I ate more magic again and I feel really tingly. Like I ate a whole bucket of batteries. Specifically 9 volts. No, I haven’t eaten 9 volt batteries if you’re thinking that. Not at all. Don’t think about it.”“Did you ingest Luna’s magic!? This is an unprecedented danger factor Anon! An unknown entity harnessing the power of two alicorns? What will happen to your body? Think of the questions! The science... oh yeah, the unf~, research, ahhh~” Twilight degraded into a half-lidded mess, mumbling about repeat trials and exponential variables. Something from behind you finally made some noise, the shuffling sound of hooves weakly made its way by your side. “Thank the heavens,” Celestia sighed, “Are you alright Luna? What did he do to you?”“Thoust would not be able to dream of what fair Anonymous here has done to us,” the blue princess purred, “and frankly we wish to see what else he would be willing to do~”“Yeah that’s right, just wait and see what I can do! C’mon Cellophane, I’ll do ya good just like Luna, no strings attached! Lemme see what that magic tastes like!” you joked, but not really. Three alicorn powers in you? That’d be rad. Celestia’s snout flushed red, the blood rush either embarrassment or rage that you had the audacity to say those words. Your quip was enough to gather Twilight’s attention again, as the mumbling pony shook her head and immediately got back into science mode. “I just said two alicorn magic sources were dangerous, don’t you bucking dare try for a third Anon!”“Yeah, but think of all the science Twi,” you teased.“Science or not, all that sexy, sexy science, we can’t just expect everything to work out because whatever deus ex you’ve come up with said it’ll all work out.”“Well, that sounds cool and all, but I still want to learn how this magic stuff works. It not like I can just incant from the bottom of my heart and fire off a spell,” you say grumpily.“Actually,” Twilight sighs, “that’s exactly how it works. Unicorn magic at least, is purely emotional. And you Anon, being so incredibly smug and dense, should easily be able to tap into that power without much focus. All you need is to know what you really want, and visualize it happening. Levitation, teleportation, any transmutation spells are all perfect examples about the understanding of what you can do with picturing it in the eye of your heart.”That really does wrap it all up in a nice bow for you. You got so angry at Golden Badge that you kamehameha’d the fucker. Twice. “So I just gotta feel, something? Like a specific emotion?” you ask.“Starting out yes. Focusing on a feeling is the way all foals start, and by the time they reach an understanding of the basics, magic will latch onto a latent emotion they constantly show. For you Anon, it would easily latch onto the smugness you emit.” Twilight looked warily at you. She had good reasons, like you were a ticking time bomb of powerful princess magic. “So get me right here, all I have to do is focus hard,” you begin, starting to think about all the trouble you caused, what all that chaos felt like to you, “and imagine what I want to do?” Rushing feelings of schadenfreude spread through your body and you turned to Luna. A single offensive digit on your hand began to hum and glow bright green. “What are you doing Anonymous?” Celestia cautiously asked. She couldn’t stop anything you wanted. No one here could. You began to point at the blue princess and simply said your magic rhyme:“Skippity do, skippity dee, make this princess talk like me!”A snap of your fingers and a green flash disoriented you for a second, like an unexpected camera flash sending your vision to another plane of existence. Sparks and swirls of the same color lingered around your hand and the target of your spell. “What have you done Anon? What have you done to me!?” Luna shouted. “Wait, am I... not speaking in the old dialect?”“Thank the stars you’re alright Luna,” worried Celestia.  “And thank them again you’re not speaking like that anymore. By my own mane I was getting so annoyed with it. Anonymous, thank you for this, and buck you for just firing a spell on my sister. If I could actually use magic against you, I would most likely have vaporized you already.”“Hey!” you and Luna both objected at the same time. “Aye ya know what, fuck this.” you stated to the room. “I’ve had enough of this for today. I just wanna go back to Ponyville and eat an entire bakery’s worth of bread.”“Well you managed to break the seal of the summit by interrupting our meeting, so I guess you’re free to head home Anon.” Luna said to you. “But before you go,” she reached up and hooked a hoof around your neck, pulling you to her level. With a quick kiss, she tapped her horn against your forehead, placing an image within. “Within your mind’s eye I’ve placed the image of the castle. Feel free to teleport here when you learn it.”“Radical,” you mutter.“Speaking of teleporting,” Twilight started, “nopony here can get you back to Ponyville that fast. You’re going to have to take the train back.”“Oof, I haven’t taken the metro in forever. Hope I don’t see anymore passed out heroin junkies sitting in their own filth. For a prosperous city in America, the government aided transport was fucking terrible in quality.”The present princesses visibly cringed at that statement, a lack of general information from you paint this as the norm on Earth. “Anyway,” Celestia of them all piped up, “I shall issue you a royal ticket, which will allow you free passage to and from the city for the time while you hone your magical abilities. And since Luna has taken a liking to you,” she sighed, “I shall inform the guards to not get in a tissy when you inevitably pop in for visits.”“Do you guys even have drugs here?” you asked, completely ignoring the perfect olive branch Celestia was extending. “Like everyone is so goddamn happy, it makes no sense. If so, does Pinkie make them because that’d be the most logical thing I’ve heard all day.”“I can get you some cortisone if that’s what you’re implying, since your skin is still glowing Anon,” said the ever so astute Twinky. “And some clothes too, so let me just...” Twilight picked up your sopping wet clothes with her telekinetic grasp, wrung the cum out, and popped them into god knows where to immediately clean them up. “I better not slip in that new puddle,” you commented rather bluntly. With a satisfying pop your clothes were once again upon your body, warm and dry. “You didn’t clean these too well Twinkle, I uh, still smell like blueberry pie.” Luna reached up and bopped you on the back of the head, a meaty whack emanating in the room.“Shut the fuck up Anon.” Luna deadpanned to you. Your spell might’ve worked too well, seeing that she’s using your favorite word.***One awkward farewell later, you find yourself alone on the train. An actual train. Like a chugga chugga choo choo train, whistles and all. Sure the following cabins looked like Hansel and Gretel were about to go to town on em’, but it was an actual fucking train. After you had presented your golden ticket to the ticketmaster, you bashed your head on the entryway’s frame. Train doors are even lower than normal pony doors, and you’ve been taking the larger than normal castle doors for granted. A string of slurs and obscenities came from your mouth, and while most of them had no meaning here, a considerable amount of mothers took the liberty to cover their young’s ears to muffle the words they wished them to not know.So here you are, bored as all hell. This train ride is lengthy enough, but all you have to do is jack squat. No phone, nothing to read, nada. But as the train brakes to make a sharper turn, a crumpled ball of paper rolls out from under one of the seats. Covered in questionable stains and sauces, there’s no way in hell you’re touching it. But what if you didn’t need to? Focusing your heart and brain, you see a random finger glow, and imagine that ball of trash rising up, and for a short while it does! Just as you start feeling some pride, the magic fizzles out and the ball drops back down. This is going to be a long train ride, but at least you have something to work on now.Ponyville is fucking weird, dude. No, like seriously. The mares outnumber the stallions five to one, everyone uses magic, and because you're a guy, they treat you like a fucking child. Forget the fact you're three times any of their sizes, right? Yeah, they've got some weird matriarchal shit going on. It's not that bad, but it does result in stallions acting a bit more, well, fruity than you'd expect. You don't mean straight up gay, just turning into gossips and drinking wine in the middle of the day. And here you were, being a bit of a hypocrite, drinking wine and gossiping with your stallion buddies in the middle of the day. Well, your stallion buddies and Bon Bon, but she was a lesbian so she kinda fit in like the rest of you. Thunderlane was attempting to recount his last date with a Wonderbolt called Surprise, swilling his drink around and shaking his head every couple of seconds as if he was only just remembering how drunk he was. Needless to say, his words were coming out in a barely coherent babble, but everyone listened intently regardless. It was about as interesting as things got around here."A-and so I was, like, instantly starstruck because hellooo, it's a freaking Wonderbolt!" Thunderlane slurred, his eyes momentarily drooping. "So I let her take me out, and we go to a nice restaurant on the edge of Cloudsdale. She was a gentlemare at first, paid, even let me get dessert!" Everyone 'ooo'd at the dessert part; any mare that would pay for the triple chocolate sundae at the end of a date was usually a keeper. "I. was. smitten. boys.""Well, what happened next?" Caramel asked excitedly, poking at his friend, who simply shook his head. "Come onnn, don't keep us in suspense!""Well, boys, you know what she was after in the end, don't you?" Everyone waited with baited breath, including you, who had secretly began to enjoy drama, and after letting things build up for a moment, Thunder subtly shifted his eyes down his own body. Everyone took note of exactly what he was talking about. "She only wanted me for my body! Moment she was done with me, she might as well have booted me out of the door! I tried to make her eggs the next morning and everything!""Heh, that's where you want wrong!" Bon Bon perked up, rosé in hoof. "You always come across as sooo clingy, Thunder, I'm surprised she let you stay for that long! You need to stop coming on so strong to mares, and then maybe they'll see you for more than what you've got between your legs."Personally, you couldn't see the issue with mares just wanting to fuck you, no commitment. Again, Ponyville is fucking weird, dude. But you kept listening anyway, because gossip."Oh, like you're one to talk, Bon," Thunder responded, his voice all fierce and snappy. "How many times have you gone off chasing after Lyra now?""That's not fair!" Bon Bon defended, her eyebrows knitted. "Me and Lyra were actually in a long term relationship, you just swoon over every mare that so much as buys you a drink.""You bitch!" Thunder gasped, brandishing his glass so loosely that it looked as if it might fly out of his hoof at any moment. Bon Bon gasped too, which caused Caramel to gasp, which proved to you that gasps are as contagious as yawns. But you needed to defuse the situation. Change the subject, change it fast. What's on your mind right now, what are you good at talking about? In a perfect eureka moment, you threw your hands out, signalling both of your friends to back down, and cleared your throat. "So, Thunder... what'd she do with you?" Thunder raised an eyebrow at him, and of course, you had to give him more to go on. "Y'know, once you got back to hers. Did you fuck?"Thunder blushed on the spot, fanning at his face with a hoof. "Honestly, Anon, you're so depraved! I never know what to do with you..." Thunder looked around, but it seemed that by upping the gossip ante, you'd succeeded in getting everyone else just as interested, Bon Bon even losing her death stare. "Ahem... If you must know, we started out with some gentle kissing, and then, uhh, slightly deeper kissing, and then she introduced her tongue and I 'eep'd a little, and after that—""Can we just skip bases one to three?" you sighed, realising just how monotonous having another person describe sex to you could be."Fine, she sucked on my stallion parts. Are you happy now?" You tilted your head, pronouncing your words slowly. "I mean... are you? Also, man, just call it a 'blowjob', that shit you just said was fucking creepy." Also you were more than a little peeved about how angry Thunder sounded to have been sucked off by a mare and then be sent on his way. Dude didn't even fuck her. "Okay, well, yes, she gave me a blowjob. Wanted more, too, but I wasn't prepared to go all of the way... stop giggling, Caramel!""Heheheh, I'm sorry, you just sound so cute when you say dirty words," he giggle-snorted, shaking his head. "I haven't had a good blowjob in a long time. A lot of mares just want me to go down on them, aren't very considerate of my needs, but I remember one I had a few months ago that still feels amazing even when I just think back on it.""Oh?" You couldn't help but lean your head forwards. Caramel had always been a little more open about his sex life, and somehow, being the most traditionally camp of the lot of them seemed to get him the most tail. Fucking horses, eh? Still, you were curious enough to prod him further. "So, what was so special about this one?""It wasn't just special," Caramel said with a short laugh, his eyes wistful as he stared past you into the distance. "It was magical."Well, shit, that sounded promising. Honestly, you'd been in Equestria for a good six months now and hadn't had so much as a kiss on the helmet, so the idea of any blowjob was enough to have you interested, but a magical one? "What made it so magical, then? Can you describe it?""I... honestly, really can't. It'd be too... just no. You'd have to go and see for yourself." Caramel didn't bother lowering his voice, simply continuing on in front of everyone. "Go and see Pinkie Pie if you really want to know. She'll show you what I mean."Hold on, wait, Pinkie Pie? "What, so she just gives out blowjobs to whomever asks?""Yup," Caramel nodded."That's about right," Thunder added."She actually got Princess Twilight to cast a spell that gave me a cock just so she could suck me off," Bon Bon finished."...huh. How was it?""Magical.""Okay, so..." You surveyed the room, looking from one of your friends to the other in turn. Friends you'd had for months now. Friends that knew just how long you'd gone without any form of sexual contact. "So you guys are all telling me that you've had Pinkie before, that she just gives out these 'magical' blowjobs, and that not one of you ever thought to mention it to me?""If it makes you feel better, she asked after you a couple of times, wondered if you were ever planning to give her a try," Bon Bon replied. "That was a couple of months ago.""THEN WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY ANYTHING.""Eh, slipped my mind.""Too busy dealing with Lyra's restraining order, more like." You snarled at her, looking at each of these traitors in turn. How could they not have told you?! Blowjobs were like, your favourite thing, and they were all off having them without you! It was like going out for milkshakes and not offering to pick one up for your buddy, or covertly committing war crimes in a third world country to distract the world from political scandals, only much more monstrous.You stood with a pointed glare, eyes broing into each of them in turn. "I'm going to get my free blowjob sundae." You said it so vindictively, as if you expected the words alone to wound them, but none of them looked too upset by the notion. Thunderlane spoke up, however, raising a hoof. "You know, part of the reason we decided not to tell you—""So you were in cahoots," you interjected, eyes becoming sharper, teeth showing. "The plot thickens."Thunderlane sighed. "Part of the reason we decided not to tell you was that when we say magical, what we mean is that... how do I put it? Ponies have a certain type of magic that's intrinsic to their body, one that—""Allows them to have super blowjob skills, sure. I mean, this is Pinkie Pie. Thinking about it, I'm honestly not to shocked." You heel turned then, looking back at all of them anime freeze frame style. "Thanks for everything, guys, but I've gotta go see a horse about a job." You then paused, thinking over your words. "You know what? fuck it, that was terrible. I'm gonna go get my cock sucked, because none of you have never managed to do it for me. Later, Judas crew."As soon as you left, your 'dick wet imminent' strut in full throttle, Caramel looked to Thunderlane. "He does realise we're not gay, right?"Thunderlane raised an eyebrow. "Aren't we?"Bon Bon chimed in. "Honestly, at this point, I think we're just whatever's convenient."The three of them nodded and then potentially fucked.You were as livid as you were curious as you walked through Ponyville. Your strut had simmered down into a more moderate stroll, as you were getting a lot of odd looks and honestly it made you hunch your back too much. Sugarcube Corner was right in front of you, patrons still lining up.You cut the cue and headed inside, spotting Pinkie Pie as quickly as you could and walking up to her as she served a pair of customers. "Anon! Have you finally come here for a Special Limited Edition Pandora's Box Pinkie Pie Blowjob?""Pinkie!" You weren't going to bother questioning how she knew, or what the fuck any of that labelling meant, because you were too fixated on how she'd blurted that in front of two customers. That said, both the stallions turned to face you instantly and uttered in unison. "They're magical."Okay, that did it. If you were about to form any doubt, it was shattered by the repetition of that oh so fucking teasing phrase. "Yes, fine, blowjob please. Not here, I imagine?""Nooo, not here. Children might be present!" (But they aren't. Children just don't exist 'on screen' in my stories.) Pinkie gestured to an open door leading to a set of stairs. "We'll go to my bedroom, I find it's where I do my best work!""Your best work?" you repeated in ignorance as you watched her ascend the stairs. She lifted her tail to the side, giving you a nice view of her supple, firm flanks and the little pink slit nestled between her legs. Blood rushed to your head, both heads."That's right! My specialty blowjobs are an art form, Anon, and you never know what you're going to get! That's why they're so magical!" You finished walking up the stairs and ended up inside her bedroom, a pink thing with pink curtains and pink wallpaper and pink bedsheets and pink pinks. Her fuchsia mane flounced as she turned to face you, a wry smirk on her lips. "That said... I think you'll be a long one." She stole a glance at your jeans, where a bulge was already hardening, forming. "Maybe a giraffe!"You had no idea what the fuck she was talking about, but come to think of it, you basically never did. You shrugged, vocally said 'fuck it' and began to unbuckle your belt as she watched, eyes studying and running up and down your body. You'd never have figured that Pinkie had any interest in you, but right now, it was really beginning to look that way.She was offering to suck you off, after all. Then again, she apparently did that for a lot of ponies, so maybe it wasn't a big deal? Eh, whatever. You dropped your pants, bulge now much more prominent against your briefs, and she let out a wolf whistle as she dragged you over to the bed, sitting you down on the edge of it. "Jeeeeez! Looks like you're packing some serious heat! This is going to take, like, two minutes and twenty seconds to deal with!"Pinkie began setting a timer and pulling down your boxers even as you smugly grinned down at her. "Please, I'm pretty sure I can last longer than—" you cut yourself off, sucking in air through your teeth as she took a single, solitary lick at the base of your cock. Her tongue might have been the softest fucking thing you'd ever had the good fortune to feel. She manipulated it in an expert fashion, the type that felt as if it required a doctorate to understand, running up and down and all over you length, lathering you up as you let out the first of many groans.Just a look down at her was enough to make your cock twitch and bounce against her lips, she looked so fucking cute with her eyes lightly closed, your length guiding her mouth. She licked over your balls, taking her time with each of them, and then when she was done ensuring that you were evenly lubricated all over, buzzing and feeling your body clench from the raw feeling gripping you, she went in for a second round of teasing, even very lightly nipping at your thigh.It all felt fucking astounding, and when she looked up at you, so innocent and cockhungry, it only intensified the experience. You'd gone for so long without any kind of attention like this (thanks to your friends) that you were ashamed to admit just how hard you were already, how close you were to busting just from the sight of her. You could imagine yourself shooting thick loads of your seed over her face, one after the other, glazing her in the middle of her own bakery. That'd be pretty fucking poetic."Sooo," she said between licks, trilling on your tip as she thought over her next words. The vibrations that shot through you from that movement were so perfect you could scarcely describe them. "So. You wondering why I do this?"She carried on stimulating you with a hoof as she spoke, rubbing up and down your length in quick pumps. "Err, you like cock?"You could swear a 'ding ding ding' went off in the background. "Correct! But also, I feel as if ponies deserve to have a little more fun injected into their lives! Stallions especially, mares can be really, really inconsiderate of them! So I try to do two things: provide a laugh, and make you make a mess! How am I doing so far?!""Surprisingly well," you huffed, pushing your hips up a little if only to match the motions of her hoof strokes. "This feels incredible, I can't lie. Better than anything I can remember before now.""Heh, we haven't even got to the magical part yet! Watch..." Pinkie slid her hoof down to the base of your cock, and slowly, gently, tortuously, she began to lower her lips, parting them and wrapping them around your head. You watched in awe as she pushed her head lower, lower, her tongue tapping at the underside of your shaft in a pattern that almost felt like the playing of an instrument. It might as well have been one, she could make you sing with it.Once she was a third of the way down, she pulled her way up. You were much bigger than her, at least three times her size, and naturally, that meant that your cock was pretty large in comparison to her also. Even if she was the best, you wouldn't be shocked if she had trouble taking more than half of your length, let alone three quarters.But still she persisted, without even a pant on her part. She dribbled out a measure of spittle onto your length and rubbed it in before sliding her mouth down your hardness again, slow and deliberate with her movements, knowing exactly how to turn and twist her mouth and work it in conjunction with her hooves to give you the maximum level of pleasure that you thought was even possible, maybe even beyond that.And she didn't seem to tire. You looked to the timer to the side, feeling as if an age had passed, and were shocked to find that there were still fifty seconds on the clock. She'd only been playing with you for a minute and a half? No way! You felt as if you'd been there for a solid hour by then, the rising pressure in your groin not abating no matter how you wanted it to, how much you wanted this to carry on, and when you began to look weak, look susceptible, Pinkie advanced on you.She pushed her mouth halfway down your cock, the walls of her throat so tight, hugging your length and begging to milk your tip. With perseverance that you scarcely believed feasible, she continued to take more and more of you, looking down at what was left of your length the whole while. She was determined, you were certain, and she wouldn't stop until she'd taken everything she could, put it away inside her and been your little fuck cushion.And you were happy to accommodate her, even if by now, you desperately wanted to thrust. It would be so easy, just start pushing forwards and smashing your cock as far down her as it could go, feeling the slide of it and sending your senses crazy. It had been so long that you were near fervent, mad with desire, but you could keep it contained for now, barely. If you were in any other situation, you might have caved, but this felt too fucking blissful right there and then to break for any reason. It'd be sacrilege, it would be the disruption of magic.And right now you were feeling very passionate about the preservation of that magic, whether that meant edging or holding out, staying put or taking charge, all you knew was that you needed more of this, this wonderful, all encompassing feeling of completeness Pinkie was bequeathing unto you with each lick and slurp of your cock from the inside of her mouth.It was only when she got three quarters of the way down that she finally stopped in her swallowing conquest, looking up at you with a smile in her eyes. You could always tell with Pinkie, she was in her fucking element right now, happy as hell. She pulled back slowly, and it was then that you realised that while it felt amazing on the way down, it was somehow different, almost better on the way up, the reverse motion pulling up over your head and the rest of your shaft.You couldn't decide which you liked more, but you had plenty of chances to compare as she sped up, moving her head up and down at a steadier pace than before, rhythm constant, breath coming out in short pants from her snout, eyes once again dutifully shut. Thirty seconds on the timer, part of you was beginning to wonder if you'd last that long.Pinkie was going to make sure you didn't. Her throat was like a vice, squeezing and taking each inch of you in the most infuriatingly wondrous manner imaginable, your eyes scrunched shut as you began to wonder whether you'd left Equestria, Earth, or any other real world behind and drifted to a place where pleasure was breath that was stolen away only by another wave of repetitively growing sensation that teetered on the edge of explosion, further and further with each passing second...And you needed more of it. You began pushing your cock further into her maw, pounding hard, but she could take it, she could take all of it. You'd never seen someone deep throat you like that, let alone a pony so small, yet she handled it like a pro, all the way down to the base. The feeling when you finally hit the limit of her, the limit of yourself, it was something beyond all that had preceded it. It made you cry out, grip her mane in your hands, praise whatever gods had put you in this world and beg for this moment to never end.And it only intensified, if such a thing was possible. Pinkie began to wrap her tongue around you in a way that only allowed you to imagine her tongue as a writhing snake, moving and brushing from side to side, round and round in the most complex, intricate, and immensely satisfying of patterns with no signs of halting, of abating, the pressure and the feeling alone welling up inside you until you threatened to burst from her fabulous display of skill...Until finally, when you were teetering on the edge of critical orgasm control failure, she pulled her head away in one fluid motion and looked to you with a grin, going back onto her hind hooves. "Taa-daa!" She did some form of jazz hooves then, shaking them like one might at the end of a performance, and you looked at her as if she was fucking mental, which she was."Wh-what do you..." You looked down to where you expected to find your madly twitching cock, and you were shocked, horrified, amused, and horrified again all in one as you realised what she'd done.She'd twisted your still hard cock into a fucking balloon animal. A fucking balloon animal."Told you it'd be a giraffe!" Pinkie sing songed, hitting the now beeping timer to the side with a hoof and then going to grab a camera. "Say 'best blowjob ever!'" and with that, she snapped the thing, and there was a flash of bright white light."WHAT THE FUCK PINKIE.""What? You don't like giraffes?""WHY IS MY COCK IN THE SHAPE OF A FUCKING GIRAFFE." You paused, looking at your poor, mistreated manhood. You tilted your head. "AND WHY DOES IT FEEL SO GOOD."	"Don't worry! It'll go back to normal in a moment, that's part of the magic! All I have to do is..." She leaned down, taking a small, tentative lick against the giraffe's 'neck'.And you came all over her fucking bedroom. 'AHHHHH OH MY FUCKING FUCK OH GOSH WOW. FUCK.' doesn't describe the pleasure you felt from this, but it was about as well as you could manage to articulate as you emptied your load all fucking over the place. Seriously, you caked that bedroom, and not in a weird incest family pun way.And the whole time, Pinkie just stood there looking proud, open mouthed even as she too was basted in it. "Make sure you tell your friends, Pinkie's Special Limited Edition Pandora's Box Pinkie Pie Blowjobs are always around and ready to be tried out!"You came down from cloud nine slowly, afraid that if you rushed it, your soul would never actually return to your body, but go right through it. Amidst the pants, you spotted Pinkie amidst the cum explosion and narrowed your eyes. "How can they always be around if they're limited edition?"Pinkie Pie looked at you as if you were an idiot. "That's seriously what you're questioning right now?"Good fucking point. You had a giraffe dick for a minute there.One point to you. Get fucked, Thunderlane.Also, Ponyville is fucking weird, dude.There was something in its icy blue eyes that underscored how dire this situation was. It wasn’t the color, or the way they seemed to glow against the dark backdrop of the forest you found yourself in. No, these eyes betrayed an uncanny intelligence as they darted across your form, as if making a million tactical calculations, processing the situation before daring to act. The eyes were probably the least concerning feature of whatever this thing in front of you was. In the dim light filtering through the canopy you had trouble making out the exact shape of what you could really only describe as a shadow come alive. You did notice a few things, though: two sharp fangs that glinted ominously, a lone protrusion from its head - like an antler made of flesh, and a translucent membranous covering upon its back that you thought might be wings. You held your breath as it drew upon you, inching closer to survey you with a hungry anticipation upon its maw.“I don’t know what you are, but you smell delicious,” it announced in a soft, feminine, unnervingly calm voice, “I intend to take my time with you.”“Wait, holy shit you can talk? What the actual fuck?” you screamed, scrambling to claw back a measure of defense from the supine position you found yourself in. You probably had more to say, but your mind and mouth couldn’t quite agree on a proper course of action. This thing had just spoken in perfect unbroken English, as it stood upon four legs in front of you, eying your change in position warily.“Of course I can talk,” it spat, looking at you with eyes somehow even more fierce than they were a moment ago, “That you can as well makes this a pleasant surprise. I do so love prey that fights back.”“Okay, hold on can we maybe talk like civilized hum- er whatever the fuck you are,” you plead, finally finding a sitting position that should allow you to leverage your size over this thing when it came time to fight. Flight wasn’t going to be an option you surmised, since with those wing-looking-things it could probably manage both at once.“You really aren’t from around here, are you?” it asked, almost as if it found this funny. “I wondered what kind of creature would simply crash land in the middle of these hostile woods.”“Where is here?”“The Everfree Forest, of course,” it shrugged, once more drawing closer to you, placing its face just outside of your striking range, “and your arrival has scared off all of the other creatures nearby. There was a timberwolf pup that would have made an excellent meal, but you’ll have to do I suppose.”“Hey hey hey, can we stop with the whole me being lunch thing? I’d really like to not be eaten, or at the very least maybe have some situational awareness while you unceremoniously rend me limb from limb.” As you said this, the creature in front of you soured, as if something you said had upset it. Did it not like to be reminded of its barbaric ways? Did it have something even more gruesome planned for you?“Fine, but only because you appear to be horribly confused. I’d like you scared for the right reasons before I devour you,” it clarified, those last words dripping with venom.“Th-thank you. Can we start with where I am in a more broad sense? Where I come from there aren’t talking shadows that go around eating wolves and people.”“You’re in Equestria. But a more curious question is where you are from. I know of no lands that harbor these ‘people’ you speak of, and to not have heard of a Changeling before - there’s no soil upon which we’re not feared.”“The heck’s an Equestria? Actually, the heck’s a Changeling?” You asked back, survival momentarily pushed from your consciousness as confusion overtook it.“Are you saying you’re not from this world at all? What kind of sorcerer are you that you can travel between dimensions but don’t bother looking before you leap?”“Listen you sack of shit, I just fucking woke up here. I don’t know shit about any sorcery or dimensions or any of this. And you didn’t even answer my questions!”“Calm down, there’s no need for the attitude-”“No need for the attitude? Evidently I just crash landed in the middle of a fucking nightmare and worse yet you’re going to eat me!” you screamed, losing your temper at this diminutive creature. It laughed — actually laughed out loud — at your words.“Oh you poor lost thing,” it smiled, eyes softening before it sat upon its haunches, “You have this all wrong. I’m not going to eat you at all. Let me weave you a tale, tell you about the lands of Equestria and the creatures, Changelings, that rule them.”You could only manage a nod.“To set the stage, you must first understand what a Changeling is. Simply, I am a Changeling,” it beamed, standing stock still for a moment as if waiting for you to swoon in admiration, “We are the most powerful creatures in these lands, and while dragons or storm creatures may best us physically we still maintain the upper hand through wit and one of our signature talents. See, Changelings can take the form of most any creature, taking on the attributes and characteristics of those they become. We fuel our transformations, and all but our basest biological needs by feeding upon the emotions of other creatures, primarily their love. You may marvel in front of the most majestic being you will ever meet, unless you should have the pleasure of meeting my Queen.”“Wow, you uh, you don’t really have any concept of humility here do you?”“There is no need to be humble when our superiority is the plain truth. Now I grow tired of giving you a history lesson. Will you surrender and allow me to feast upon your love, or will I have to take that by force?”“Um, how exactly do you, as you say, feast upon my love?”“Your kind mates, do they not?” it asked, as if the answer were plain as day.“Wait, you mean like-” you start, motioning with your hands, “you mean sex?”“Yes, I mean sex. You truly are a dense specimen. If you truly are representative of your kind, I shall hope that I never find myself in your world.”“Uncalled for! Insulting me is no way to get in my pants. Also you weren’t getting into them anyway, you freaky change-whatever. Go fuck some other - wait, what other creatures live here?”“Ponies mostly.”“Hold on, you fuck horses in your spare time?”“That’s one mouth you’ve got on you. But yes, I do mate with ponies, usually under disguise as the sight of even a lone Changeling is enough to terrify entire cities.”“Okay, but what intelligent creatures live in these cities if you can scare them all just by fucking their horses?”“Your lack of understanding is highly entertaining,” it laughed, “Ponies are the intelligent creatures, dim as they are.” As it said this, you realized that this creature itself looked vaguely like a small horse in its own regard. Definitely some characteristics that would be out of place on the beasts of burden from your world, but the Changeling did bear equine features.“Are Changelings a kind of horse, er pony?” you asked. It bristled as you said horse once more before catching yourself.“No, the two races bear similarities though, and some believe that Changelings originally evolved from ponies. Do you have any more questions before submitting to me?”“Actually, yeah I’ve still got a bunch of questions. Like what’s your name, what do ponies look like, if you rule them why are they afraid of seeing you, how does the whole love harvesting thing work physically, what are you doing in the middle of this forest, what am I doing in the middle of this forest, are you-”“Enough. My name is Metamora. And that is the last question I will answer until I have had my fill of your love. Now remove your garments and lie back down. Your form is impractical and I’ll not have your spindly appendages getting in the way of my needs.”“You can’t just tell me to take off my clothes. I may be pent up, but even I have standards, and even as confused as I am right now you’re not gonna cut it.”“Fine. Since you’ve been cooperative so far I shall give you the pleasure of my taking the form of your desires. Simply tell me what creature you wish I become and I shall make it so.”“I assume you don’t know who Emma Watson is…” you mutter, barely audible.“Is that another of your kind. Allow me to try.” Metamora offered before a green flame washed over her. Before you stood an identical replica of yourself, clothes and all.“Nonononono change back! Change back now!” You screamed, watching yourself look back with confusion, “I’m not fuckin’ gay bro, miss me with that shit!”“Fine,” Metamora acquiesced as the eerie green flame washed over your clone. “Do your females look markedly different? Do they have more leg holes? Have they a longer snout?”“Actually, on second thought could you maybe not ever change into a human ever again. I’d like to be able to sleep at night.”“You are a picky thing, aren’t you?” Metamora chided, “What form would you prefer then?”“You’re literally the only creature I’ve seen since I, guess, crash landed here. I have literally no idea.”“A pony then?” Metamora asked, changing into the form of a light blue pegasus and twirling in a circle, making sure to spend ample time with her tail raised.“Um, still kinda weird. Horses where I’m from are farm animals, and I don’t think I could… What else you got?”“Maybe a gryphon?” Metamora said, transforming into a stout gryphoness with a gray coat and vibrant purple plumage.“Huh, that’s kinda neat but those talons look painful…”“I doubt a dragon would be much better in that regard. What about a Diamond Dog?” Metamora asked, not bothering to change yet this time.“Uh… Dogs aren’t intelligent where I come from either so maybe not.”“You’re running me out of options. I could transform into a forest creature, but I will not be demeaned by being taken as some mindless animal,” she said as her form reverted back to her natural state.“Now who’s picky. Weren’t you just about to get fucked by a timberwolf?” you ask, a diabolical idea forming in your head, ”What about your queen? You said she is the only creature more majestic than you.”“I couldn’t, that would be blasphemy of the highest order. I am not worthy to even look upon the visage of Queen Chrysalis, much less appropriate her form for myself.”“You transform into your queen, and I’ll whip my dick out right now and rut you into a puddle six ways to Sunday.”“She would have me executed!”“I don’t see her around, yet…”“Is this the only way you’ll submit without a fight?”“Let’s say yes.”Metamora looked away, a blush somehow faintly visible against her near-black cheeks. “Fine, but you must never tell a soul of this. I need your love far too much not to do this.”“That doesn’t sound like something the most powerful species in the world would say.”“Shut up! I haven’t fed in weeks and with all the transformations you made me do I’m dangerously close to shriveling up and dying on the spot. Give me a moment,” Metamora almost begged. You could tell she was conflicted about this, but you would be a man of your word. More slowly this time, the green flame washed over her and coalesced into a new form.“Here I am,” Metamora - now Queen Chrysalis - said. Her voice changed to match, deepening to a still feminine but deep, brooding tone, “committing the most heinous act of my entire life all for an alien creature that I’ve never encountered before. You better make this worth my while, you… Uh, what is your name?”“You can call me Anon,” you offered, looking over the form of your soon-to-be partner. She had grown significantly in stature, you imagine her head would come up to your chest, her serrated horn could probably slit your throat at standing height. Nestled behind it was a crown that looked as if it were physically attached to her skull, centered upon a ratty wave of teal locks longer than your arm. Her wings were more distinct, set on top of a shining metallic carapace that had a blue-green sheen like a June bug. Her long, slender legs were riddled with holes of varying sizes with a tail of the same disheveled teal as her mane. By far, however, the most intense features were her eyes. Where Metamora’s eyes were solid bluish green, these eyes bore the same white sclera you would expect on most creatures, with laser-green irises and a cat-like pupil. “It is a pleasure to meet you, Queen Chrysalis.”“Please don’t call me by her name. My Queen may not be here, but that name holds power I am unfit to wield.”“Okay fine, Queen Metamora”“Stop! Stop! You’ve done the only possible thing worse than using her name! Just… Maybe stop talking?”“Oh that’s not happening. I promised I’d fuck you if you changed into your queen, but I never said I’d be quiet about it.”“Please, if you have even the smallest modicum of sympathy don’t make this harder than it needs to be.”“Oh there’s only one thing that isn’t as hard as it needs to be right now,” you chuckle, hooking your thumbs on the waistband of your jeans and tugging them downward. You felt a moment of insecurity as you went to lift your shirt over your head, realizing the only thing between you and some form of strange alien sex would be the thin, now slightly tented, fabric of your boxers.“That was a… you’re making dick jokes aren’t you?”“Yup, better get used to them. My love isn’t the only thing you’re getting your fill of today,” you inform her as you start to remove your boxers. You do this slowly, noticing the almost salivating look upon the faux queen’s face. As you lowered them enough for your crowning achievement to become visible, Metamora swatted your hand away and interrupted.“Hold on, that’s it?” she asked incredulously, “Even the smallest stallions are longer than that. I’m not even going to feel something that small.”“Okay, fuck you. No, literally, fuck you. Turn around, cause after that I’m about to have the angriest boner you’ve ever known and I’m going to use it to make you regret every word of that,” you command, quickly pulling your boxers down far enough that they fell to the ground effortlessly and you could kick them and your pants away.“I do hope you’d try,” Metamora noticed, watching your dick jump to life over her shoulder as she turned around. Damn, she knew what she was doing now. “I’d hate to have to change into a little filly just to feel anything.”“You fucking bitch!” you yelled as she finally positioned herself in front of you. She was still looking back at you with a smug look on her muzzle, flicking her tail up and to the side for you. She was just a little shorter than she needed to be for this to work, but you knew what to do. You grabbed her flank with one hand and shoved down on her carapace right behind her neck, forcing her front legs to buckle and angling her backside to suit your needs. For the first time you really noticed her pussy and the marked difference to what you were used to seeing …on the Internet. A long slit, slender at the top and plump at the bottom, with a green bulb at the bottom that intermittently twitched to reveal the similarly green interior of her sex. Above that was a tight, plump ring of flesh that looked just as inviting, but that was not your target at the moment. You stepped forward and lined up, placing the tip of your dick against that green protrusion and grinding against it for a moment.“Oh! You know what you’re doing! Get your stallionhood good and wet before you impale me.” And so you did. You pulled back slightly after coating yourself liberally in her abundant natural lubricant. After a brief pause, you shoved your dick in, sheathing yourself fully within her in one go. You took a moment to enjoy the warmth and silken texture of Metamora’s now-royal insides, adjusting your grip on her to hold on to her sides for better leverage. Much more slowly than you entered, you began to pull back, drawing out a long groan from Metamora and a heavy sigh from yourself.And you thrust once.“Keep it up. Get it in there.”And you thrust again.“Mmh, yeah. That’s the spot,” Metamora cried out as you angled the second thrust down a bit more.And you thrust a third time.“Hha! Keep doing that!”And a fourth.“H-Here it comes!”And a fifth.“Cum inside me! Fill me up!”And a sixth.“Ahh! I’m going to~” She screamed, tightening up slightly as you drew back again.And a seventh.She was completely silent as her love canal became a vice grip upon your intruding scepter. For a few seconds you were worried she might shear the thing clean off, all as a torrent of lime-tinted liquid gushed forth from her sopping marehood. You struggled valiantly but managed to pull out once more, preparing to bear all your weight down onto her on the next thrust.And an eighth.“C-Come on! You've gotta be close. Just cum!”And a ninth.“Wait! Why aren’t you… you're not…”And a tenth.“Oh Hive, what’s going on? Why aren’t you cumming?”“You think my dick’s short and I cum fast? Wish I could say I was sorry to disappoint you.”And you kept going.A minute of shocked silence was peppered with what you assumed were further orgasms from your woefully misguided mate.And you kept going.She couldn’t maintain the silence any longer, screaming out various unintelligible mumblings as you only ratcheted up the pace. You wouldn’t lie to yourself and say that this wasn’t doing it for you. By the end of the second minute she had you closer than you’d like to admit. It took all your force of will to hold out on her, which you were determined to do until you couldn’t handle it anymore.So you kept going.“Oh Anon, I can't…” she cried, “You’re going to ruin me. P-Please cum!”Until you couldn’t handle it anymore.You hilted yourself in her once more, grabbing her horn with one hand and wrapping the other around her neck tightly. You pulled her up towards you as you felt your release take hold, gushing forth in jet after jet of hot, potent seed. You emptied everything you had in this deranged little Changeling under you, collapsing onto her back slightly as you both breathed heavily.Metamora pulled forward, freeing you from her grip as she moved to escape your weight. You stood back up as well to allow her to move out from under you, watching as she turned back around to look you in the eyes, still bearing the form of Queen Chrysalis.“Thanks for the meal, that was …adequate. If you need to sleep after such a draining exercise I can stand watch.”“Sleep? After that? Gimme 15 and we can go again. Just gotta let junior rest for a bit so he can grow big and strong… again.”“No. No way in Tartarus could you possibly be ready again in just fifteen minutes. Most every other creature would be out for days after draining that much love,” she explained, shifting quickly back to her usual form, the green flames both brighter and quicker than they were before.“How much love exactly?”“The most I’ve ever received by a factor of five or so. It’s just not possible, you go again so soon and I’d suck the soul right out of you. I’m surprised you’re not already passed out or screaming in agony from that level of exertion.”“I feel fine actually. Maybe a bit thirsty, but I think I got here that way actually.”“Y-You mean you’re not lightheaded or tired or feeling any heart palpitations at the moment? No ailments at all?”“No, uh… my dick’s gonna be limp for a bit, but that’s just biology for me. Keep telling me how good I was and it’ll be back before you know it.”“…fifteen minutes you say?” Metamora asked softly, looking at anything but you for the moment. “I will take you at your word, Anon. I hope you don’t disappoint.”“Oh, I don’t think I will. But if you want this again,” you began, pointing towards your recovering erection, “you’re going to have to do a few things for me.”“Hah! You think I’ll bend to your whims just because you’ve given me a meal? Think again, you disgusting ape!”“Whoa, chill it with the insults there. And I’m not expecting favors because I’ve already fed you,” you corrected, chuckling at the Changeling in front of you, “I’m asking because I know you’ll do anything to get more.”“…you’re right. I could feed half the hive off of what you’ve already given me. Anything you ask of me would be worth the cost.”“Damn straight. Now I’ve got a few questions for you while we wait. First, come here and get comfortable,” you commanded, patting your lap as she looked up at you with confusion. When she drew close enough to reach, you grabbed her by the barrel, spun her around, and sat her on your lap like one might a young child.“Put me down! This is embarrassing! Do you know how vulnerable this position is?”“I think you look cute,” you countered, watching her squirm but eventually resign to her fate. You brushed your hand along the soft flesh of her chest, feeling the tiniest amount of give before you felt a firm resistance, as if her entire body were bone with only a thin covering of skin. “Now tell me more about Changelings. The real story this time.”“What do you mean the real story! Everything I said is the truth. We are the apex predators of Equestria and beyond, feeding off of ponies that live in constant fear of a Changeling invasion.”“I think that’s bullshit. You couldn’t apex predator your way out of a cloth sack, not with how you were squirming on my dick not five minutes ago.”“Shut up! That was different! You’re different. That… normally doesn’t happen,” Metamora began, “but you’re right. There’s no use lying about it. Changelings aren’t the rulers of this world. We barely scrape by on the love we can steal. Ponies don’t fear us because of our strength, but instead because we kidnap their kind to enslave for nourishment. We live in isolation with only a small few ever seeing light outside the hive. What we do, we do to survive, Anon. When I said I was about to die earlier, I meant it. I was about to bed a timberwolf to survive - how much love do you think you can get out of a dog made from trees?”“Oh…” you said, not sure how to respond, other than holding her to you.“So I mean it when I say that anything you ask of me would be worth it.”“I think I know just the thing, then,” you smirk, “Yeah, I know exactly the thing.”“Command me as you will.”“Remember that part where you said you’d have to turn into a little filly to be able to feel anything?”“Anon that’s disgusting! For being so high and mighty about not wanting to screw an animal, you sure made the jump to foalcon easily.”“Oh, that’s where you’re wrong. See, it doesn’t really matter to me what form you’re in now. I’d probably even fuck you like you are,” you explained, your grin unbearable, “But I have a specific filly in mind.”“A specific filly? You said it yourself that I’m the only creature you’ve seen since you got here,” she asked, her mind trying to out pace your dastardly plan, “The only forms you’ve seen are mine and that of my Queen… wait, no you’re not thinking-”“Filly Chrysalis!” you exclaim, the logical conclusion to her train of thought.“Filly Queen Chrysalis” Metamora retorted immediately, her loyalty to the Changeling crown so ingrained that she completely missed the context when she corrected you.“Yes, exactly that!”“Hold on! I wasn’t agreeing with you. I just, you can’t-”“What was all that about anything being worth the cost?”“You’re doing this just to annoy me aren’t you?” She deadpanned. You nodded back enthusiastically. “I can’t believe you’re going to make me do this.”“So you’re going to do it?” you ask in disbelief. Surely this was a bridge too far. Nonetheless, you watch as the green flame washes over her once more, this transformation working in counterpoint to the one you witnessed earlier. Her frame shrank significantly, making you tighten your grip on her so she wouldn’t slip out of your lap entirely. You realized you couldn’t feel the fire of her transformation, as it should have at least singed the hairs on your chest. When she was done, she sat in your lap, an unbelievably small creature not much bigger than a large housecat. Her features were identical to the monarch she previously wore, just reduced in size significantly.“I gave you my word,” she answered, her voice now higher but still soft and silken.“Wow, I didn’t think you’d… I was just joking,” you cackled, once again squeezing the Changeling on your lap.“Funny,” she said, “I was entirely serious. Now you’re going to fuck my tiny filly pussy and fill me full of your love until one of us passes out. And I so dearly hope that is you, because if it is I might just keep going until I pass out too.”“Hold on! I don’t want this! I was just trying to get your goat!”“What do goats have to do with any of this?”“It’s an expression! Just hold on. There’s no way I could get hard for a literal child.”“That’s a rich lie. I can already feel your dick raging to get inside of my tight fillyhood. I think you might be even harder than you were last time. I wonder what turns you on more, the depravity of it or the fact that I’m just as turned on as you are? You know, you can do whatever you want because I’m not a literal child. I’m the same changeling you already stuck your dick inside, I just look different.”“F-Fuck. When did you get so okay with this?”“I can taste emotions. When I saw how eager you were to exercise that power trip over me, I knew I had to take it away from you. Plus when I return with enough love to keep the hive fed for a week, the Queen will applaud me even with such blasphemy.”“So you’re turned on by being a little filly?”“I’m turned on by the fact that I’m going to actually feel your dick this time,” she retorted instantly, shifting on your lap and bringing your head in contact with the lips of her soaked marehood.“Oh you fucker… You’re going to regret saying that,” you promised, spearing her just the smallest bit upon your head as you positioned her for entry, “You could barely handle me last time and now you’re going to feel it twice as much.”“Do it, pervert.” Metamora coaxed. She looked up at you and locked eyes as she straightened her entire form in preparation.You grabbed her, encircling her waist with your hands and guiding her down onto your shaft. There was much more resistance this time, and you sank into her an inch at a time. She squealed as you entered her, her insides gripping you with absurd tightness. Just as you were about to hilt inside her, you felt the head of your dick come to rest against a firm barrier, her breath hitching in her throat as she squirmed for that last inch she couldn’t fit.“Fuck, I filled you up this time, huh?”“Hive you’re huge. Let me just catch my-” she started. You tightened your grip around her waist and started to lift her up again. “No, no stop. Hold on, I’m not read- oh. Shiiiit fine go ahead.”“Silly filly, if anyone needs to hold on it’s you,” you smirked, raising her to the apex of your shaft, letting your head slip almost free, “cause if you needed to catch your breath already then you’re in for a world of hurt.”“Nhh, we’ll see who is hurting after we’re done. I’ll wring your dick dry for sure this time.”You didn’t respond, instead starting to lower her back down upon your dick, feeling her stretch around you and convulse as you reached certain spots. You still felt the same resistance as earlier, but you just pulled her down onto your dick, not content to let gravity take care of business this time. Right as you reached that same barrier once more, you pulled your hips back, rocking away from her as you started to lift her incredibly light frame again. This went on for several minutes, a gentle lift followed by a swift descent. Each time that barrier moved slightly further inward until at last you completely hilted within her.“Why aren’t you cumming, you little slut?” you asked, realizing that last time she was like a fountain on your dick. You waited for her response but saw that she was deep in concentration. You realized that on top of her head, that horn glowed with an eerie green light, coalescing into a ball of what looked like glowing blue liquid at the tip, occasionally pulling in a wisp of energy from the air around it. “The fuck is this?” you asked as you reached for her horn. She realized too late what your intention was and screamed out as your hand was about to close in around her magical appendage.“Wait! Hold- augh…” she started, freezing as your hand finally enclosed around her jagged horn. The ball of light immediately collapsed like a broken egg, pouring at first down the horn and then washing over Metamora much like the green flame of her transformations. As soon as the wave of light reached her chest she screamed out like the air was actually being forced out of her, her voice sharp enough to shatter glass. But the wave continued unimpeded, rapidly enclosing in on her nethers. Once it washed over her crotch it disappeared. She froze again for a brief moment, as if the entire consciousness had left her body. Before long, though, she started quivering all over, inside and out. Her quivering grew into more sizable tremors, her entire form squirming with what seemed to be only one goal: getting your dick as far inside her as possible.“Anon you…” she trailed off, “Shit I’m c-c- oh Anon don’t stop!” she screamed as you lifted her up and bottomed out once more. Instantly her pussy clamped down on you, milking in strong, fast contractions that would rapidly become an issue for you. In order to hold out longer yourself, you tried your hardest to pull yourself out, getting about halfway out before you felt yourself pressed into a spongier part of her canal. As you crossed that landmark, the force on your dick doubled. Between the force and the fact that you were already on your way out, this served to push you out from her vice.“A-Anon it’s not stopping” she squealed, eyes pleading for something, but you didn’t know what. You held her tight as she rode out her intense orgasm. She just kept convulsing in your arms as you tried to still her. After another minute or so, she finally relaxed, going slack against your chest and panting heavily.“Y-you bully! I just came like seven times from that!”“From what?” you asked.“A spell you interrupted that let me redirect excess pleasure. When I knew I couldn’t handle it anymore I was going to dose you with it and make you wish you had never messed with me.”“Jesus that’s fucking intense.”“But you ruined it you vile, vile creature. …Making me cum like that without even asking me,” she pouted, “Warn me the next time you do something like that.”“So I can do it again?”“Sh-Shut up! Just stick your dick back inside me and get to fucking. You can worry about that later.”“Yes, my queen.”She groaned until your dick started to sink into her once more, converting her groan of disdain into one of pleasure.“I’m, uh… not really anywhere near close so if you did want to start saving up again…” you started, “Maybe I’ll actually let you do it this time.”“You’d really let me…” she smiled genuinely, “o-okay then.” The green aura started around her horn, the tiniest bead of energy hovering over its tip. This time you noticed the forming ball was an almost purple color. Would you have been more mindful you might have wondered what that meant, but you had other things on your mind - er dick - at the moment.For minutes you carried on, occasionally changing up the rhythm or speed, watching as that purple ball doubled the size of its earlier blue counterpart. You felt yourself drawing ever closer to your peak, and you decided to switch up the position. In one smooth movement you picked Metamora up, spun her around, and shoved her back down onto your dick. You cradled her neck and let her do the work for now, drawing her head into your chest, bringing that ball of energy to near eye level.“I’m getting really-” you started, watching Metamora dart her head upwards to look at you.“Me too. Are you ready?”You nodded, squeezing her tighter against your body.“Then kiss me, you idiot,” she asked, staring at you intently.You leaned in, craning your head uncomfortably to meet the diminutive stature of the creature riding you.“Oh, I meant to ask why your orgasm ball was purple this time,” you thought aloud before going for a kiss.Her eyes widened and she tried to say something as your mouth met hers. You watched as the purple ball deepened in color, reddening and doubling in size as she tried to squirm away from your kiss. Within moments the ball exploded, raining down upon both of you. Suddenly you felt exactly what you had seen her experience; it was like an orgasm in reverse, starting at your head and racing down your chest towards your dick. You screamed into Metamora’s mouth, a move she copied.Before you knew it, you were cumming. But not like usual. There were no jets of semen, no tapering off. This was a constant firehose of seed, well past the point that you knew you should be firing blanks. You watched as cum spilled out around your already messy coupling, soaking you and the ground. Metamora wasn’t faring any better, she was already completely slack against you, twitching limply against your body.You opened your eyes after what felt like a millennium of intense pleasure. You could feel every fiber of Metamora’s being as she breathed deeply, still laid out against your chest. The two of you had certainly made a mess, with a veritable puddle on the ground beneath you, but that wasn’t the strangest sight. What was more odd was that Metamora was covered in what looked like red glitter. It danced across her body, shimmering and darting as if carried by some unseen current. She looked peaceful, now back to her usual form, but the red dust upon her appeared to be tempestuous, constantly in motion like a rough sea.“Hey, uh… are you okay?” you asked, almost a whisper. Metamora stirred, slowly raising her head off your chest“Huh? Where am I? Why do I feel stuck?” she asked, her eyes fluttering open as she reacquainted herself with her surroundings, “Oh… Hey there. You’re, uh… still inside aren’t you?”You nod.“Do you want me to get off of you?”You shrug.“Yeah, me neither. I think I could stay like this forever. If only it weren’t for that itchy…” she trailed off, “Oh shit! Anon what happened to me?” She looked at her forelegs in disbelief. She flapped her gossamer wings a few beats to liberate herself from you, the sensation of her withdrawing flesh on your overly-sensitive dick made you shudder momentarily. She fluttered in place for a moment and then slowly descended back to the ground beside you.“I was going to ask that question myself…” you answered, signaling your confusion with another shrug.“You said purple, right?” she asked, “The spell, it was purple?”“Well, kind of more red at the end but yeah at first…”“Red… Do you know what that means?”“Is it… is it bad?”“Well, kind of. You see this stuff all over me?” she started, shaking one of her forelegs as if to rid it of the substance. “Well, that’s what love looks like. The kind of love I eat anyway. Of course you can’t see love just in the air, but when we process it you get this red powder looking stuff.”“So I don’t see why that’s bad. Why don’t you just eat it or whatever it is you do with it.”“Well that’s the problem. I’m completely full. Not in a just-had-a-big-meal kind of way but in a more straightforward physical sense - my body can’t store any more love right now. And this stuff will cling to me or any other Changeling until it finds an empty host. Normally I couldn’t take in more love than I can process, but the spell… it captured the excess just like it did with my pleasure.”“Well how do we fix it then?”“We don’t. Er, I don’t. You’re just going to have to wait it out. Oh also I might get a bit weird here for a while.”“Why do I have to wait it out? You’ve gotten your fill, right? What do you need me for?”“P-Please. I’ll be incredibly vulnerable like this. If anything found me here it could kill me without a second thought.”“Like you had me believe you would do to me?” you countered.“I-I’m sorry! Just d-don’t leave me. Not yet at least. This wasn’t supposed to happen!”“What do I get out of it?” you bargain.“I know the way out of this forest. You’d never make it on your own, especially since you don’t know what’s out here.”“You make a fair point… What do I have to do?”“Just whatever you do, don’t let me harvest any more love.”“So, uh, how do I do that?”“Well all you need is to make sure you don't-” she froze, “Oh ponyfeathers, it’s starting already.” The red glitter seemed to fade through her chitin and disappear, leaving behind a faint red glow across her entire body.“See, that wasn’t so bad. It’s all gone.” you motion, "Poof!"“N-no… It’s just getting-” she began, “just about to, ” she tried again, her expression twisting until the resting fierceness in her face was replaced by a new softness “just wanted to get to know you a little better!” she finished with a completely different voice. It was high-pitched, effervescent, and just the slightest bit grating. “But look at me being silly, I haven’t even introduced myself. I’m Metamora, I’m a really really really good Changeling. I’m so good that Queen Chrysalis herself sent me to Ponyville to spy on one of the pony princesses’ protégés, Twilight Sparkle. And you’re Anon, you told me you’re a ‘human’, whatever that means. I think you look like a weird monkey or a really skinny bear or something. But that doesn’t matter because you love me. And I love you. Oh, Anon, I love you soooooo much.” She finally pauses in her monologuing and grabs for your arm as you pull it away in confusion.“Hey, what are you doing?” you ask, “What’s going on?”“Oh, I think I might be love-drunk. It’s a really nice feeling, if that’s what this is. I wouldn’t know - I don’t get to taste so much love usually.”“Love drunk? You mean you get drunk on what you need to survive?”“I sure can! In fact all Changelings can. But I’m special, cause I’m not actually what I am.”You stay silent, trying to tie together some line of conversation here, but not really getting anywhere.“There’s lotsa different kinds of Changelings. There’s a bunch of boring types that stay at the hive, but there are a few kinds of special Changeling, and I’m one of them. Or actually kind of two of them. Or maybe even neither. I never really know. So when I had my second metamorphosis, I turned in to a Soldier Changeling. Soldiers are built to carry a lot of love, extract it quickly, and use it effectively. But I really really wanted to be an Infiltrator. They’re so much cooler than boring Soldiers. They get to go pretend to be ponies or dragons or gryphons or… and the whole time it’s a big adrenaline rush cause they could figure out you’re a Changeling at any point. So you have to be sneaky and, well… I guess I’m also an Infiltrator, but I’m not s’posed to be. Queen Chrysalis said I was talented enough to be one, even though that’s not what kind of Changeling I am. So here I am! Do you want to see what my disguise looks like?”“Um…” you hesitate, horribly confused by all of this.“I figured you might. H-Hold on a sec, I gotta make sure I get all the right parts to this transformation,” she said, twisting in place clumsily before the green flame drew a lazy, organic path over her. In her place stood a light orange colored pony. It looked more masculine than Metamora did, but your thoughts were confirmed when it spoke “Look at me! I’m Atlas. I’m the best geo-lo-bio, bio-geo, geobiologist! Best geobiologist around. T-that means I study why things live where they do. Which makes you a really interesting specimen mister hu-man,” she-he called trying once again to grapple your arm to no success. She stumbled forward and her transformation faltered, shifting her back to her natural form once more.“Hey, enough with the grabby-grabby. I think you should probably lie down and maybe take a nap or something… You’re saying an awful lot.”“Because you’re my friend and I want to talk about things and stuff.”“Metamora,” you began, your tone like a parent calling their child by their full name, “We’ve just met and you don’t even know me.”“Which is why I know we’re going to be such great friends because even when we just met you were so nice and you fed me and you’re such a gentlecolt. I wish there were more stallions like you, I mean you were kind of mean when you made me change into Chrissy… I-I mean Queen Chrissy… I mean Queen Chrysalis. And then you made me change into a tiny version of her - how lewd! But I kinda liked it, and not cause of all the love but that was nice too, it was kind of exciting to be a naughty Changeling for once.”“Oh my god…”“So yeah, where was I. Right! I’m an Infiltrator even though I’m really a Soldier. I’m like a Changeling within a Changeling. Nobody even knows who I really am!” she pauses, her expression turning, “Even me sometimes. I’ve got to wonder why I’m different. Nopony else has ever done that. What if I’m no good at either of them cause I’m trying to be two different things? If I was supposed to be a Soldier then am I a bad Infiltrator?”A lone tear fell down her cheek as she continued talking.“Sometimes I think that I was a mistake, that maybe I wasn’t even supposed to metamorphose again. It takes a lot of love from the hive for a second metamorphosis, and I’m wasting all that! I’m such a bad Changeling! What’s wrong with me?” she continued, tears falling more frequently.“Man, I did not sign up for this,” you grumble, quiet enough that you don’t think she heard, “Hey, It’s okay. I’m sure it’s not all that…”“Y-you think? S-sorry, I just… sometimes it seems like it’s all bad. But you’re not all bad! You’re fun and exciting and full of love. Hey remember when I told you not to give me more love? Well that was a mistake. Cause if you give me more love I can feel like this for a lot longer and it feels really good too so…”“No, you’re not thinking straight and you’re not yourself. This is weird.”“Oh… sorry” she whispered, frowning as your dissatisfaction sunk in, “I really messed up, didn’t I? Huh, I told you all about how I’m a Changeling spy and I showed you my disguise and you could just run to the ponies and tell them everything I said and then I’d have to run back to the hive and they’d surely execute me for such an embarrassing failure!”“Hey, hold on. Nobody’s executing anybody here. Calm down.”“What do you mean? Surely you’re going to tell Twilight Sparkle what I said! I’ll never be able to set foot in Ponyville again.”“Why would I do that? You’ve done nothing to really hurt me, and I don’t see any reason to do something that would hurt you. I don’t know this Twilight Sparkle, but I do know you, and if you’re spying on her there must be a good reason.”“You really mean it? C-cause here in Equestria acts of kindness to a Changeling are almost as illegal as being a Changeling.”“Guess I never really did color within the lines. Magical talking pony land probably won’t be the place where I start being normal. So what do you say, I’ll keep the secret that you’re a Changeling, and you can keep the secret that I’m an extraterrestrial sex god with the ability to reduce the fiercest of creatures into a quivering mess.”“I-I was not a quivering mess!”“You’re not the fiercest of creatures. Language has not yet invented words for the state to which you were reduced by the power of my dick.”“T-That’s mean! Just because I came like 20 times more than you did doesn’t mean you can insult me.”“You win. Everyone does always say ‘If you don’t have anything nice to say, don’t say anything at all.’ So I guess I’ll be quiet then.”“Fine. Me too, you big meanie.”A second or two passed by.“Actually, I was thinking. Since we’re good friends and all and you’ve got that dick that, you know, is like really good maybe we could just go at it one more time for old time’s sake. What do you say? Deal?”“I can’t believe I said all that,” Metamora sighed, “Hive, I’ve really screwed up. Normally I’d just kill any creature that threatened to blow my cover, but I have a vested interest in you continuing to be alive…”“That’s… reassuring,” you retort pulling your shirt back on to complete your once discarded outfit, “Seriously though. You don’t have to worry about me. Your secret is safe.”“How can I be sure? I’ve known you all of an afternoon! Maybe I should just kidnap you. But that would mean facing my failure in front of the hive, which would be monumentally worse than anything the ponies can possibly do to me.”“Listen, this whole thing has been really weird for me. I suddenly appeared in a crazy world full of shape-shifters and talking animals, and you helped me take my mind off of that for a bit. It was still weird, but you kept me occupied for a while and for that I’m grateful. If I woke up alone in this forest, well, that’d feel more familiar than I’d like to admit,” you explain, your mind wandering to that loneliness you’ve always felt - even when someone was sitting right next to you.“You don’t mean the waking up in a forest part, do you?” she asked, a look of understanding plain against her features.“No. I didn’t. So, uh… Thank you for that.”“I guess I know what that’s like,” Metamora admitted, “You know, always being something else, never getting to show your true colors… It’s very lonely even in a room full of others.”“Aren’t we a sorry pair?” you chuckle, wrapping an arm around Metamora as she sat next to you.“S-Stop that!” she cried out, “I-I’m still full and that’s not helping.” You withdraw your arm and hold it in your lap dejectedly. “S-Sorry, I just… I don’t want that to happen again. That’s not me, I’m not-” she faltered.“Not what?” you ask, wondering how she planned to finish that thought.“Not weak! I’ve fought my entire life to be the toughest, strongest, fastest, best Changeling out there and I go and ruin it all because I can’t handle a bit of love! That’s the most basic function of my existence and I screwed it up!”“Hey, stop beating yourself up. What's the downside of all this?” you quip.“Well first of all I have to deal with you now,” she snorts, smirking at you, “But really, even if you’re telling the truth that you’re not going to give me up I’ve still put myself in jeopardy just because I was hungry and prideful.”“I’ve done plenty of dumb shit, and I turned out just fine. More or less.”“Yeah, well I don’t have the luxury. I’m a wanted mare, or I would be if anypony found out about me! I’m an outlaw just because of what I am!”You paused, you probably couldn’t one-up that one. In your world life was relatively easy, if at times unsatisfying or even frustrating. Your antics were the only threat to your continued existence, and you had only started to tap the well of your potential, or so you hoped.“So how are we going to do this?” Metamora asked after a long pause.“Do what?”“Well I promised I’d get you out of these woods, and that means going to Ponyville-”“Pfft… did they really name it Ponyville? Next you’re going to tell me that one of the biggest cities is named Mane-hattan. Get it?”She said nothing, which only confirmed your suspicion. You rolled with snorts of laughter at the stupidity of it all before Metamora cut you off.“Can you focus for a moment?”“S-Sorry, just this all seems like something out of a silly kids TV show.”“I don’t know what a TV show is, but nothing about this is childish or silly to me. My life is on the line here!”“Alright, alright. Fine, what’s the plan then.”“Well we have to get back to Ponyville, right?” she asked, watching as you nodded, “Which means we’ll be interacting with ponies, which means I’ve got to be in disguise. The one I showed you when I was… indisposed.”“Wait you mean that orange thing is actually how you pass yourself off? I’ve never seen a pastel colored pony before.”“Heh, you’re in for a whole new world of eye strain then. Anyway, I never told you anything about my disguise, did I?”“Not really, just showing it off for all of three seconds before you fell right on your face,” you taunted.“Ugh, there’s no need to remind me! Anyway, I disguise myself as a unicorn stallion named Atlas. He’s a-”“Wait you disguise yourself as a dude? Gayyyy!”“Anon I swear to the Hive!”“Why a dude though? Got that mad pony penis envy? Who’s the pervert now, huh?”“Do you ever shut up? No, I didn’t do it because I wanted a dick! I did it because he was an easy target, and exceedingly easy to kill.”You stayed silent. Maybe you wanted to tone it down a bit after all.“That’s right, I killed him right here in these very woods! I didn’t even get any use out of him! When I found him he had fallen and broken his neck… I did say he was an easy target. He begged me to put him out of his misery. I don’t enjoy killing anything, but I had no choice.” She said, getting to her feet once more and starting to walk along a nearby path“I’m not sure if that’s more or less fucked up than just killing him outright…” you responded, more serious this time as you fell in cadence with her, a few paces behind.“Yeah, well, the needs of the hive,” she started before looking off, letting that train of thought die before starting anew, “So Atlas was - is - a geobiologist; which means he studies how the environment affects its ecosystems. Incredibly fitting for the location, as there’s no better study than the Everfree for his field. And fitting as well for the mission since Twilight Sparkle and her friends have a long and storied history with this forest and the creatures it shelters. So he made the perfect disguise.”“So we go back to Ponyville, me with my clothes on and you as Almanac or whoever it was-”“Atlas! His name is Atlas. If we’re going to survive you need to take this seriously.”“Fine. Atlas. So we go back to Ponytown and then what?”“Ugh. We’ll go back to Ponyville and then I’ll introduce you to Twilight Sparkle as a creature I found in the forest.”“I’m with you that far, but how did tiny pony you convince big angry human me to come with you.”“Well I promised you food. You’re hungry right?” she asks as your stomach growls, “And I promised you shelter and safety. You’re not finding those in these woods, are you?”“And how should I feel about being dragged cold and wet into a strange new world. Should I be worried that ponykind will string me up as some kind of science experiment, or have me killed for being a dangerous creature they can’t tame?”“I can’t answer that for you, but the science experiment part might be more likely than you think. Twilight Sparkle is quite curious, and sometimes in disastrous ways.”“So maybe I don’t want to come with you at all, then!” you decided, stopping in place. She stopped as well and turned to you.“And die in these woods alone, with nothing to hear you scream as a cockatrice petrifies you and picks apart your flesh over the course of a month?”“Okay, no. But what about your hive? Certainly I’d be welcome there with as much love as I stuffed you full of.”“You’re right. You’d be an absolute trophy. But one wrong word and I’d be summarily decapitated for blowing my cover and you’d be imprisoned there. Kept alive only to be an outlet of love for the whims of the hive. Yes I thought long and hard about just paralyzing you and dragging you back. But it wouldn’t work.”“Jeez, and you said we were friends!”“I never said-” she started, remembering her drunken ranting, “I never should have said that. You’re nothing more to me than a source of food and a persistent threat to my continued existence!”You winced. Something in those words cut harder than what was actually said. You realized that even in magical talking horse land you were still an unwanted liability.“Listen, that was harsh. I’m sorry. I do like you, even if it’s only as a phenomenon. If I didn’t I wouldn’t be putting my life on the line for you. You’re useful to me, and that’s high praise from a Changeling. We don’t have friends, Anon. It’s just the way that it is.”“Join the club,” you sigh, “Not having friends was kind of my m.o. back in the day.”“Oh? Did your kind live in emotional solitude as well, shut off from the lifeblood you needed to survive?” Metamora asked, completely serious although her words cut deeper even yet.“No. I just…” you started, “Even if I’m not your friend, I’m going to consider you mine, okay?”Metamora looked at you intently, trying to read your expression, gather your intent. For a creature that was supposed to thrive off of emotion, she really seemed to be bad at understanding yours.“I don’t know anything or anyone here, Em.” You admitted, looking downward, almost on the verge of tears as reality hit you especially hard “I need someone to keep me sane.”“Em?” she asked back, tilting her head slightly.“It’s a nickname. Em, you know, like the letter. Cause your name’s Metamora,” you explained, the serious tone now broken “It took some thought to come up with that one. It’s not like I can just take the first syllable and lop off the rest, then you’d be ‘Meh’ and that name’s kinda…” you shrugged, “meh.”“Changelings don’t have nicknames either.”“Well I do. And you’re not ruining my fun this time,” you declare, crossing your arms.“Fine. Honestly you can call me whatever you want if you keep putting out like you did earlier.”“Is that all I am to you, Em? A sex toy?”“Yes.” Metamora answered matter-of-factly.“God how did I get stuck with you!”“I’ve been wondering the same thing this entire time. Let me know when you figure that out.”“Ugh! I’m so insulted!” you exclaimed before realizing something, “Wait… You’re, uh, more or less inviting me to fuck you whenever I want, right? Cause I take it all back. I can get behind that deal.”“Hive, you really are a pervert, aren’t you,” she asked, rhetorically if you had to guess. She started walking again, leading you to follow, “C’mon. Let’s get going, we need to make it back before sunset.”You didn’t have much to say back. Or rather the things you did have to say weren’t particularly friendly. So you stayed quiet, watching as Metamora shifted into her disguise mid-stride, effortlessly becoming Atlas once more as you looked on with interest.“Don’t worry human!” Atlas exclaimed, “I know just the way out of this forest. I’ve been through thousands of times and we’ll get you back to safety. Get you a warm bed to stay in and a nice meal, maybe a daisy sandwich and some hayfries.”“Oh no… Please tell me ponies aren’t vegan. They are, aren’t they?”“Not most of them. They do eat cheese and eggs, and drink milk. But other than that they’re herbivores. Gryphons and many animals are omnivores though. Us Changelings, however, we’ll eat anything when we occasionally need real, digestible food.”“This may be the gayest thing I’ll ever say, but I’m going to die if I don’t get some meat in me.”-------------------------------------------------------------------------------*.............................................................................**... THIS SYSTEM IS FOR USE BY AUTHORIZED PARTIES ONLY. USE OF THIS SYSTEM ...**. WITHOUT PRIOR AUTHORIZATION WILL LEAD TO FEDERAL PROSECUTION AND CRIMINAL .**. CHARGES SUBJECT TO IMPRISONMENT, COST PENALTIES OR FINES, OR OTHER MEANS ..**.............................................................................**............... M/S/T SOFTWARE V. 3.7 (C) 1978 PALPITECH INC ................**.............................................................................*-------------------------------------------------------------------------------LOGIN: LS0379PIN #: *******TOKEN: ********VALIDATING CREDENTIALS..PIN OR TOKEN INVALID. PLEASE REENTERLOGIN: LS0379PIN #: *******TOKEN: ********VALIDATING CREDENTIALS..CREDENTIALS VALIDATED..INITIALIZING SESSION..DONECONNECTING TO SERVER..DONESETTING UP LOCAL ENVIRONMENT..DONELOGGING CONNECTION TO AUDITING SERVER..DONESUCCESS! YOU HAVE BEEN AUTHENTICATED.WELCOME TO M/S/T V. 3.7YOUR ACCESS TO THIS SYSTEM HAS BEEN RECORDED.YOUR AUTHORIZED USER ACCOUNT IS: LS0379YOU ARE AUTHORIZED WITH ROLE: DATA ENTRY TECHNICIANANY UNAUTHORIZED COMMANDS WILL BE REPORTED IN COMPLIANCE WITH U.S. REGULATIONSHACKING OR TAMPERING WITH THIS SYSTEM MUST BE INVESTIGATED BY LAWFOR A LIST OF ALL COMMANDS TYPE HELP AT THE PROMPT.FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PLEASE CONTACT YOUR ADMINISTRATOR: NOBODY@LOCALHOST> LOAD INFILE 034298417.MRF14 OCT 2011 JOB EXECUTION DATE1 RECORDS18.43 SECONDS EXECUTION TIMEOUTPUT TO FILESYSTEM 034298417.MRFTOTAL RECORD LENGTH: 16000> CAT 034298417.MRF > ARCHIVEBEGIN RECORD ARCHIVING.00....10....20....30....40....50....60....70....80....90....100.... INITIALIZED.ENCODING DATAUNEXPECTED CHAR IN POSITION 1A5.ABORTING.ERROR DETECTED. PRINTING DATARECORD LENGTH: 1600ENCODING: EBEGIN DUMP OF RECORD:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------C2 C5 C7 C9 D5 40 D9 C5 D7 D6 D9 E3 40 F0 F3 F4 F2 F9 F8 F4 F1 F7 0D 25 0D 25 C9D5 E3 C1 D2 C5 40 F2 F5 E8 D6 40 C3 C1 E4 C3 C1 E2 C9 C1 D5 40 D4 C1 D3 C5 4B 40C6 D6 E4 D5 C4 40 E4 D5 D9 C5 E2 D7 D6 D5 E2 C9 E5 C5 40 D7 D6 E2 E3 40 C9 D4 D7C1 C3 E3 40 E3 D9 C1 E4 D4 C1 4B 40 C9 E2 E2 40 F2 F1 40 E6 61 40 C3 D6 D4 D7 D9D6 D4 C9 E2 C5 C4 40 D5 C5 E4 D9 D6 6B 40 C3 C1 D9 C4 C9 D6 6B 40 E2 C5 E5 C5 D9C5 40 D4 E4 D3 E3 C9 D7 D3 C5 40 C1 E5 E4 D3 E2 C9 D6 D5 40 50 40 C2 D3 D6 D6 C440 D3 D6 E2 E2 0D 25 0D 25 C2 C5 C7 C9 D5 40 C3 D6 D4 D7 40 E5 C9 E3 C1 D3 40 D4D6 D5 C9 E3 D6 D9 C9 D5 C7 40 F3 F0 D4 40 C9 D5 C3 4B 40 D8 4B C8 40 E4 D7 C4 C1E3 C5 0D 25 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 6060 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 6060 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 6060 60 60 0D 25 F1 F8 F3 F0 40 40 F4 F0 60 40 F4 F0 61 40 60 60 40 60 40 F2 E4 40D9 C1 D7 C9 C4 40 C9 D5 C6 E4 E2 C5 D9 7A 40 C1 D5 C5 C7 40 D9 C5 D8 E4 C5 E2 E3C5 C4 40 D6 D5 C5 C7 40 C1 C4 D4 C9 D5 C9 E2 E3 C5 D9 C5 C4 0D 25 F1 F9 F0 F0 4040 F4 F0 60 40 F6 F0 61 40 F4 F0 0D 25 F1 F9 F3 F0 40 40 F6 F0 60 40 F8 F0 61 40F4 F0 40 60 40 C2 D7 40 50 40 C8 D9 40 E2 E3 C1 43 D3 C5 60 40 C2 C5 C7 C9 D5 40E2 C1 D3 C9 D5 C5 40 E3 4B E3 40 F2 6B F5 F0 F0 D4 D3 40 D8 4B C4 0D 25 F2 F0 F0F0 40 40 F5 F0 60 40 F8 F0 61 40 F5 F0 0D 25 F2 F0 F3 F0 40 40 F8 F0 60 F1 F1 F061 40 F7 F0 40 60 40 D7 E3 40 E2 E3 C1 C2 D3 C5 40 D7 D6 E2 E3 40 E2 E4 D9 C7 C5D9 E8 40 0D 25 F2 F1 F0 F0 40 40 F9 F0 60 F1 F1 F0 61 40 F8 F0 0D 25 F2 F1 F3 F040 40 F9 F0 60 F1 F1 F0 61 40 F7 F0 40 60 40 C6 C9 E3 40 D9 D9 40 50 40 E5 61 D80D 25 F2 F2 F0 F0 40 F1 F0 F0 60 F1 F2 F0 61 40 F9 F0 0D 25 F2 F2 F3 F0 40 F1 F2F0 60 F1 F7 F0 61 F1 F0 F0 40 60 40 E5 E3 40 50 40 C8 E3 D5 4B 40 D5 D6 40 C1 D5E3 C9 C8 E8 D7 C5 D9 E3 C5 D5 E2 C9 E5 C5 40 C4 4B E3 4B 40 D9 C9 E2 D2 40 D6 C640 C2 D3 D6 D6 C4 40 D3 D6 E2 E2 0D 25 F2 F3 F0 F0 40 F1 F2 F0 60 F1 F7 F0 61 F9F0 0D 25 F2 F3 F3 F0 40 F1 F1 F0 60 F1 F7 F0 61 F1 F0 F0 40 60 40 D5 D6 40 C3 C8C1 D5 C7 C5 4B 40 C2 C5 C7 C9 D5 40 E5 C1 E2 D6 C4 C9 D3 C1 E3 D6 D9 40 C1 D5 C440 C8 C1 D5 C7 40 F2 E4 40 C1 D5 C5 C7 0D 25 F0 F0 F0 F0 40 F1 F0 F0 60 F1 F5 F061 F1 F0 F0 0D 25 F0 F0 F3 F0 40 40 F9 F0 60 F1 F4 F0 61 40 F9 F0 40 60 40 C2 D761 C8 D9 40 D5 D6 D4 C9 D5 C1 D3 4B 40 D6 E3 C8 C5 D9 40 C9 D5 C4 C9 C3 C1 E3 D6D9 E2 40 D5 D6 40 C3 C8 C1 D5 C7 C5 0D 25 F0 F1 F0 F0 40 40 F8 F0 60 F1 F2 F0 6140 F9 F0 0D 25 F0 F1 F3 F0 40 40 F8 F0 60 F1 F2 F0 61 40 F9 F0 40 60 40 D7 E3 40D5 D6 D5 60 C3 D9 C9 E3 C9 C3 C1 D3 4B 40 D5 D6 40 D5 C5 E4 D9 D6 40 C9 D4 D7 D9D6 E5 C5 D4 C5 D5 E3 4B 40 E7 C6 C5 D9 40 E3 D6 40 C9 C3 E4 0D 25 60 60 60 60 6060 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 6060 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 6060 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 0D 25 C5 D5 C4 40E3 D9 C1 E4 D4 C1 40 D4 D6 D5 C9 E3 D6 D9 C9 D5 C7 0D 25 0D 25 C2 C5 C7 C9 D5 40E7 C6 C5 D9 40 E6 D9 C9 E3 C5 E4 D7 0D 25 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 6060 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 6060 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 6060 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 0D 25 D7 C1 E3 C9 C5 D5 E3 40 C1 D9 D9 C9E5 C5 C4 40 E4 D5 D9 C5 E2 D7 D6 D5 E2 C9 E5 C5 40 D7 D6 E2 E3 40 E5 C5 C8 C9 C3E4 D3 C1 D9 40 C9 D4 D7 C1 C3 E3 4B 40 E2 C9 C7 D5 C9 C6 C9 C3 C1 D5 E3 40 E3 D9C1 E4 D4 C1 40 C9 E2 E2 40 C3 D9 C9 E3 C9 C3 C1 D3 40 E6 C9 E3 C8 40 D5 C5 E4 D9D6 6B 40 C3 C1 D9 C4 C9 D6 6B 40 C2 D3 D6 D6 C4 40 D3 D6 E2 E2 40 C3 D9 C9 E3 C9C3 C1 D3 6B 40 C1 61 D6 40 D4 C1 D1 D6 D9 4B 0D 25 E2 E3 C1 C2 C9 D3 C9 E9 C5 C440 E6 C9 E3 C8 40 D3 C9 D5 C7 C5 D9 C9 D5 C7 40 D5 C5 E4 D9 D6 40 C4 C5 C6 C5 C3E3 E2 4B 40 D5 D6 40 D4 D6 E3 D6 D9 40 D6 D9 40 D7 C5 D9 C9 D7 C8 C5 D9 C1 D3 40D9 C5 E2 D7 D6 D5 E2 C5 4B 40 C5 C5 C7 40 D5 D6 D4 C9 D5 C1 D3 40 E6 61 40 C1 C2D5 D6 D9 D4 C1 D3 40 C2 C5 E3 C1 40 C1 C3 E3 C9 E5 C9 E3 E8 4B 0D 25 D5 C5 E4 D9D6 40 C1 E2 E2 C5 E2 E2 D4 C5 D5 E3 40 C9 D5 C3 D6 D4 D7 D3 C5 E3 C5 40 E6 61 40C3 D6 D4 C1 4B 40 D4 D6 D5 C9 E3 D6 D9 40 C1 D5 C4 40 D9 C5 E5 C9 E2 C9 E3 40 D84B C4 4B 0D 25 C1 61 D6 40 E2 E3 C1 C2 D3 C5 40 E2 C5 C5 40 C3 C8 C1 D9 E3 40 C6D6 D9 40 E3 D9 C5 C1 E3 D4 C5 D5 E3 40 C1 D5 C4 40 C6 E4 D3 D3 40 D5 D6 E3 C5 E20D 25 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 6060 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 6060 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 6060 0D 25 C5 D5 C4 40 E7 C6 C5 D9 40 E6 D9 C9 E3 C5 E4 D7 0D 25 0D 25 C5 D5 C4 40D9 C5 D7 D6 D9 E3 00------------------------------------------------------------------------------—END PROGRAM.-1> CP 034298417.MRF 034298417.TMP0> CAT 034298417.TMP > ARCHIVEBEGIN RECORD ARCHIVING.00....10....20....30....40....50....60....70....80....90....100.... INITIALIZED.ENCODING DATA..DONECONNECTING TO ARCHIVE SERVER..DONETRANSMITTING DATA TO ARCHIVE SERVER..DONEVALIDATING DATA AGAINST ARCHIVE SERVER..DONESUBMITTING AUDIT LOG AND METADATA..DONERECORD ARCHIVING IS COMPLETE. EXITING0> RM 034298417.TMPREMOVE NORMAL FILE 034298417.TMP ? Y/N: YREMOVED 1 FILES AND 0 DIRECTORIES0> EXITTHIS IS A LOGIN SESSION. PLEASE USE THE LOGOUT COMMAND TO END YOUR SESSION.-1> LOGOUTEXECUTING LOGOUT SCRIPTLOGGING COMMANDS TO AUDITING CONSOLESENDING TRANSCRIPT TO LINE PRINTER..SENTVALIDATING LINE PRINTER JOB STATUS..ERROR: PRINTER OFFLINEPLEASE CONTACT YOUR LOCAL SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR FOR ASSISTANCEWOULD YOU LIKE TO CONTINUE LOGOUT? Y/N: YREVERTING LOCAL ENVIRONMENT..DONEDISCONNECTING FROM SERVER..DONEINVALIDATING ONE TIME TOKEN..DONETERMINATING SESSION..DONE0[PROCESS COMPLETE]M/S/T SOFTWARE V. 3.7 (C) 1978 PALPITECH INC.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------REBOOTING.. ....00....10....20....30....40....50....60....70....80....90....100--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*.............................................................................**... THIS SYSTEM IS FOR USE BY AUTHORIZED PARTIES ONLY. USE OF THIS SYSTEM ...**. WITHOUT PRIOR AUTHORIZATION WILL LEAD TO FEDERAL PROSECUTION AND CRIMINAL .**. CHARGES SUBJECT TO IMPRISONMENT, COST PENALTIES OR FINES, OR OTHER MEANS ..**.............................................................................**............... M/S/T SOFTWARE V. 3.7 (C) 1978 PALPITECH INC ................**.............................................................................*-------------------------------------------------------------------------------LOGIN:“So this is Ponyville?” you ask, pointing to a bustling cottage on the edge of the forest.“No, we still have a ways to go. The local animal caretaker lives out here. I’ve, uh, learned a thing or two about timberwolves from her.”“What does that have to…” you trail off, “Oh. OH GOD WHY? What is with you ponies and your infatuation with fucking animals?”“Heh, I was just kidding,” Metamora, now Atlas, retorted, “How did you say it? I just wanted to get your goat.”“You know what… That’s just rude. Now the only thing I’m going to think about if I ever meet her is whether or not she’s taken wolfdick.”“Of course you’d be thinking of that, pervert.” Atlas said. You were starting to tell when you were talking to Atlas versus when you were talking to Metamora through Atlas. Mostly because Atlas didn’t seem to throw many insults your way. “This way~”You followed along a heavily traveled dirt path toward the direction of the setting sun. Along the way you passed by a few other small cottages and farm buildings, finally clear from the heavy tree growth that you had been trudging through for what felt like hours on end. Upon the horizon, a collection of taller, purposefully arranged buildings made themselves evident, springing from the grassy plain you walked along.“This is Ponyville,” Atlas demonstrated with a wave of his hoof toward the looming town. “The library is right on the other side of town so I’ll get to show you around a bit! It’ll feel like home before you know it!”“Jeez Em, nobody’s around. You don’t have to be in character.”“Yes. I. Do!” Atlas corrected, spinning on a dime and standing in your path, “Any time I’m wearing my disguise I need to be in character. I slip out of character at the wrong moment and I die, Anon!”“Whoh, sorry! I didn’t mean it like that.”“I know, but I can’t take chances, not even for you. Anyway, let’s keep moving.”You stayed quiet for a bit as you drew on a large bridge over a lazy stream, finally close enough to see some of the finer details. The buildings all had a distinct architecture, looking half like gingerbread houses, half like some kind of pre-industrial European town. The most significant building you could see at the moment was a staggering rotunda at the center of a large open square.“Ah, yes. That’s the Town Hall. Mayor Mare will no doubt want to make your acquaintance some day, although I imagine she has likely left for the evening. No matter, we’ve got plenty of time to meet everypony. Today we just need to find our way to the Golden Oak Library.”There were a few ponies dotting the open square, most of them too far to hear you or take notice, but you stayed your distance nonetheless. She was right about the eyestrain, you could already tell. You continued walking until you caught a glimpse of what looked like a merry-go-round from your world. “What’s that?” you pointed.“Ah, that’s the Carousel Boutique. Miss Rarity lives and works there, you might consider her for your future clothing needs, although she tends to be a bit outlandish with her work.”“You know, where I come from, things that look like that are amusement rides. You ride painted pastel horses as it spins round and round…” you paused, “huh.”“Your world has a monument to mating with ponies and you chastised me about it?”“No, like you ride on their backs like- ah, nevermind. And they’re not even real - they’re fucking plastic or porcelain or some shit.”“I’m not sure that’s any better.”“Hey,” you whisper, hoping not to draw the ire of the one or two ponies that might be in earshot, “Whatever happened to being in character, huh?”Atlas snapped to attention, whispering back, “See what I mean! I didn’t even notice and it’s all your fault!”“My fault?” you yelled loudly, drawing the attention of a nearby pony, who looked at you quizzically but with a lot less surprise than you expected for a creature you surmised had never seen one of your kind before. You had to think on your feet “Why is it my fault we got back late? You’re the one that’s supposed to know how to navigate out of the woods!”Atlas looked surprised for a moment before catching on, “I would have easily been out of the forest in time to eat dinner at a reasonable hour if you didn’t basically crash into me from the sky!”“Hey, nothing I could have done about that!” you said, quieting down as the pony had stopped paying attention to your squabble, “Plus, we both got something out of it, so you’re welcome!”“You’re right… Let’s keep going or we’ll never make it to the Library in time.” Atlas conceded, directing you onward.You passed by several more interesting buildings: Sugarcube Corner, some store that sold pens and couches, a quaint looking café that Atlas informed you had the best daffodil sandwich ever - you were no longer interested. Finally, after all of the brightly colored buildings and even more brightly colored ponies blended together, you finally reached… a really big tree.“This is where we’re headed? It’s a tree!”“Yep! This is the Golden Oak Library. It’s kinda in the name there. Of course it’s after hours so we’ll have to knock on the-” The door swung open, revealing a purple unicorn that managed to exactly capture the essence of a shotgun-toting dad whose daughter had just been returned home late on Prom Night.“A-Atlas?” the unicorn blinked, staring first at him and then at you, slowly looking you up and down to determine if what she was seeing was in fact real. “What is this?”“Funny you should mention that Twily,” he said, watching her mane bristle, “This here is Anon, he’s a human. He just showed up in the Everfree and according to him, evidently he’s from an entirely different world.”“I did not have enough coffee for this,” Twilight started, “Atlas, do you know how dangerous it is bringing an unknown, untested species into the middle of Ponyville? I swear if I get blamed for this…”“Relax! He’s super nice, couldn’t hurt a breezie if he tried.”“I don’t know what that is but I guarantee I could beat the ever loving shit out of it.” You corrected, spouting forth from some untapped well of bravado.“Ignore that, he’s just tired, right Anon?”“I’m not tired. Don’t you go around calling me a pussy to peop- er, ponies I’ve just met. I’ve got a reputation to maintain, or I guess build.”“Did I mention he’s also got quite the mouth! What an interesting creature indeed!” Atlas chuckled nervously.“You really should not have brought it here. I can’t imagine this ending well. Also something is off about its magic. And by that I mean I can’t detect any. It’s like a dark void of emptiness, even draining the air around it of magic.”“He, Twilight,” Atlas admonished, “He is a living, breathing, thinking creature, and he’s got a name too. No need to keep saying ‘it’.”“Yeah, That!” you added, “Also what’s magic got to do with anything? I don’t care about your damn hippie pot-smoking bullshit. Atlas I thought you said this Twilight Sparkle was a scientist.”“Excuse me!” Twilight interjected with exasperation, “I’m only the most researched unicorn in all of Equestria! Personal student to Princess Celestia, Element of Harmony, and otherwise not a pony to mess around with!”“Everypony calm down!” Atlas begged, standing in between you and Twilight. You all took a deep breath and relaxed, letting the atmosphere cool.“I guess I was being a little bit presumptuous,” Twilight admitted, holding out a hoof in greeting.“I uh… Heh, I still don’t really know what’s going on,” you said, grabbing her hoof with both hands and shaking violently, “But it’s nice to meet you. Atlas has told me a lot about you, he’s very attentive in that way.”Atlas stared lasers at you with enough intensity that you’re sure you could feel your shoulder catching on fire.“Oh, I do hope he’s not told any tales. He has a bit of an imagination sometimes, don’t you Atlas?”“What, huh?” Atlas shrugged, “No idea what you’re talking about.”“Oh really? I may have a bouquet of flowers that remember things a bit differently.”“Hey, I gave those as a friend! You read way too much into that.”“Whatever. Anyway, tell me more about how you found this Anon, Atlas.”“So there I am, minding my own business and then out of nowhere this giant ball of light flies down from the sky and smashes into a nearby log. Of course I wasn’t scared at all so I didn’t hide behind a tree for like 10 minutes or anything, but eventually I realized that the thing that fell out of the sky was some kind of creature. So I waited for it to wake up.”“And when it woke up, how did that go?” Twilight asked, half prodding for continuation, half as if she were looking for a hole in Atlas’s story.“When he woke up, we talked. He told me that he was a creature from another world. He says he had never met a pony or anything. Kept calling me a horse for a bit. Highly insulting!”“Guys I’m right here!” you pipe up.“So we eventually decided that with all the noise he made, the Everfree wasn’t the safest place to be, so I decided to bring him back here. I knew you’d know what to do.”“That only leaves one question then,” Twilight led ominously, “Why do you both smell like sex?”“Funny story about that actually,” Atlas chuckled, “Well you see we were in a part of the forest where, um,”“CHANGELINGS” you shout, watching both Atlas and Twilight stiffen, each for different reasons.“No thats not quite, um, uh… Right. He landed in the middle of a Changeling harvesting ground.” Atlas expounded, “The air was thick with it.”“Atlas, why in Tartarus were you in the middle of a Changeling harvesting ground alone, with no backup, without telling anypony where you were going?”“Twily, that’s my job! I go into the Everfree and I try to make sense of it. I wanted to know why that place specifically held such attraction to the Changelings… Unfortunately my research was cut a bit short.”“You shouldn’t need me to tell you that that was in incredibly poor taste, Atlas. You know I couldn’t replace you… your research if you were to be abducted by the Changelings!” Twilight explained, something off about her tone there.“I know… It won’t happen again. I just needed to get some research done and everypony was busy so I couldn’t get anyone to come with.”“Well it seems like it’s not all bad, seeing as you’ve discovered an alien species. Anyway, Anon can I ask you to come in? I need to run some tests on you to make sure you’re not secretly evil or a Changeling or some kind of escaped prisoner from Tartarus.”“Nuh uh! Atlas warned me about you turning me into a walking science experiment! You’re not gonna get your sciencey probes anywhere near my asshole!” you screamed, jumping behind a nearby bush. Both Atlas and Twilight turned their noses at the idea.“I said nothing of the sort!”“Like I said, bit of an imagination. I promise it’ll be fine. Just a few quick spells and we’ll be all clear.”“No anal probing? Promise?” you ask, getting an exasperated sigh out of Atlas.“I promise, now if you’d just follow me in this way and downstairs. Atlas you can wait up here. If you don’t hear from me in 30 minutes, do fetch the other Elements.”“Is this your sex dungeon?” you ask plainly as you descend the stairs into a well-furnished basement. There were beakers, test tubes, a litany of other sciencey junk, and one lone chair right in the middle of the room.“My what?” Twilight asks, almost tripping on the last two steps. “Whatever made you think of that?”“I dunno, you seem like the kind of pony to have a secret sex dungeon.” You responded, instinctively heading for the chair in the middle of the room. “Atlas said you hadn’t met any other ponies, so what exactly makes that distinction?”“Statistics. Since Atlas doesn’t have one you’re more likely to. It’s simple addition basically,” you smirk, your grasp over advanced mathematics yet another wondrous feature of your personality.“That’s not how… Nevermind. How do you know Atlas doesn’t have one and I do?”“Sh- He probably doesn’t need one, you know how he is. And you seem like a kinda mad scientist,” you said, drawing ire, “but in a sexy way - I promise!” That didn’t seem to make things better.“I’ll have you know I’m a virg-” she stopped, realizing what she was admitting, "Ugh! Can we just drop this whole sex dungeon thing?”“Whatever, Twi-tight Spark-less. And I thought Atlas was stuffy.”“Celestia, you are an extraordinarily annoying creature! How did Atlas ever put up with you?”“We bonded. Things happened out there in that Changeling sex swamp thing. Things that can only be shared between two brothers,” you started, watching Twilight’s face screw up in confusion, “Wait, no! Not like that! Jeez, I didn’t fuck Atlas. I’m not gay!”“Your sexual orientation is none of my concern. All I care about is whether you’re a risk to Ponyville or Equestria. Can you just maybe tone it down so I can run these tests?”“Bruh, I ain’t got no chill,” you casually explain.“This is so not worth my time,” Twilight mumbled to no one in particular, turning towards you, “Listen, I’m gonna put this in terms you’re more likely to appreciate. Atlas is a pushover. He thinks you’re a nice happy, friendly creature because he’d befriend a Manticore if he could. I’m a lot more cynical. Your aura is weird, you’re weird, and you’re a filthy creature. If I had found you, we’d already have you locked up in the royal stockades. So please, give me one good reason to magic the shit out of you and I’ll have you wishing we stopped at anal probing.”“I knew it was a sex dunge-” you started as a ball gag materialized out of nowhere, flying at your face in a pinkish aura. Direct hit.“That’s better. Now first off, I need to see how you react to various emotions,” Twilight said, trotting over to grab a rack of small vials. Each was filled with a colored powder, of which two looked familiar. “These are concentrated raw emotions, distilled using a bit of Changeling magic.”You looked at each of the vials as she set them down on the small table next to the chair you were seated in. The set of six vials was book-ended by two familiar powders - red and blue, with an orange, yellow, green, and purple vial in between. They were labeled Love, Anger, Kindness, Envy, Generosity, and Lust. You watched as Twilight took the first vial and dumped a small amount out onto the table. You watched it stir and settle much like what you saw earlier on Metamora.“Ah, good. That’s the first test out of the way. Congratulations, you’re not a Changeling,” Twilight exclaimed, “Now for these next tests I need you to open your mouth. You have to ingest each of these powders.”“Mmph,” you mouthed around the gag, refreshing Twilight’s memory.“Horseapples. If I remove this are you going to behave?”You nodded enthusiastically. Man were you a good liar.“Okay,” she acquiesced, the gag disappearing entirely. “First up is Love. All creatures in Equestria possess it, so I must confirm that you’re capable of containing it.” Twilight levitated the vial to your lips and tilted it, allowing the powder to dance along your tongue with a taste almost like cinnamon.“Um… Am I supposed to be feeling different? I’m uh… not really feelin' the love here.”“Inconclusive, we’ll revisit it later. Next up, Anger. Many undesirable creatures in Equestria are motivated by anger. We need to make sure that your anger doesn’t cause any dangerous effects.” She tilted the orange vial to your lips, the powder once again crossing your palate. This time however, the taste was spicy - unbearably so, like wasabi by itself.“Jesus fuck! What the fuck! That shit’s spicy as fuck! Holy shit!” you screamed, writhing in the chair, “Get me some fucking water you purple piece of shit! Who the fuck do you think you are! I don’t have to put up with this shit!” A glass levitated from across the room, filling itself up at a nearby sink before flying toward you, waiting for your grasp. You grabbed it and chugged the entire thing, finally getting relief from the stinging heat of anger.“Eh, close enough. Remind me not to take you around any foals, you’re a horrible role model,” she paused, the next vial coming to rest against your lips in her magical aura, “This one’s kindness. If you can’t show kindness then you won’t fit in well here in Equestria.” More powder, with a hint of vanilla this time.“Not feeling much from this one either, to be honest.”“Ow my hoof!” Twilight feigned, lifting one of her forehooves as if injured. You immediately sprang from your seat and took hold of it.“Oh no! What’s wrong? Did you hurt yourself? Here, sit down, take a load off - I can stand.”“Heh… Passed. You can have your seat back, I’m just fine.”“Oh, are you sure? You had me worried! I didn’t want you to be hurt!” you pestered, taking your seat once more, as asked.“Next one, Envy. I have a dark history with this one myself. One of my worst mistakes revolves around this emotion.” As you once more took the powder, you tasted a saccharine sweetness that you wanted more of.“Mmm. That was good shit. You got any more of that?” you ask, “Listen here Sparkbutt, you better not be holding out on me. I’ll fuckin’ burn your house down to find that shit.”“Eh, no worse than Want it, Need it. I’ll call it a pass.” Twilight confirmed, “Next up, Generosity. Not a requirement, but something I need to know nonetheless.” It tasted like marshmallow this time.“Yeah, never been much of the generous type.”“Hey, can I have the last one? It’s Lust, and I’ve heard it feels really good.”“Yeah sure,” you respond, “Go ahead.”“You positive? Cause I’d hate to take that away from you. I don’t even need to test for it, it’s like a reward at the end of the test. Just happened to have it laying around so I figured why not.”“No, you can definitely have it. I don’t want anything to do with it.”“How generous! You passed!” Twilight remarked, a twinkle in her eye. “Anyway, let’s move on to the last one. Like I said, no need to test for this one, but I’ve got it handy, and I’m curious.”“Twilight, I’m serious. You can keep it. No need to test that one.”“It’s okay Anon.”“No! I insist! I’d rather not.”“What are you on about, the Generosity potion should have worn off by now. I’m beginning to think you know you don’t want this one. Now I’ve gotta test it. Who knows what you could be hiding? Maybe you’re some kind of Incubus and pleasure sets off your demonic powers!”“Oh I promise it’s nothing like tha-” you try to say, the blue vial being entirely shoved into your mouth, the powder going straight down your throat without a chance to taste it.“There, see. Not so bad.”“Fuuuuuck,” you groan, the room filled with the unmistakable sound of fabric stretching as you instantly tent your shorts.“WEAPON!” Twilight exclaims, immediately vaporizing your shorts and underwear.“Twilight, what the FUCK!” you scream, your dick now on prominent display as you scramble to cover your shame with your hands.“Oh… S-Sorry.” Twilight apologized, averting her eyes.“This is all part of your crazy sex dungeon scheme to get me to fuck your virgin ass, isn’t it?”“N-No! I just thought you. I-” Twilight faltered, “I thought you had a weapon!”“Well as hard as I am right now this thing could cut diamonds, so you’re halfway right. Now can I have my pants back?”“Uh… About that. Funny story. They’re kinda… not a thing that exists anymore.”“What you mean to tell me is that you deleted my pants and this isn’t a sex thing?”“Uuu… I said sorry!” Twilight said, “Although I don’t really see what the big deal is. I’m not wearing any pants and I’m fine.”“Where I come from clothing is mandatory. I feel naked without my clothes!”“Well, that is the definition of naked. Still, why is it such a big deal, doesn’t it just go back into your sheath?”“Sheath? The fuck kinda anatomy you think I’ve got down there.”“To be honest I didn’t really get a good look. So I just assumed you’d… like a stallion.”“Well gander all you want,” you say, dramatically lifting away your hands and leaving your crotch on display, “Cause it’s not going anywhere.”“Oh… Uh, is that average size for your species or…” Twilight asked, “Cause stallions can be almost twice that length.”“Oh my god Twilight, seriously! The fuck! You’re the sec- Nevermind. Just could you stop fucking staring at my dick.”“S-sorry. It’s just… I expected, and you’re so much taller, and…” she trailed off, collecting herself for a moment “Alright, last test then.”“Ugh what this time? Let me guess, you need to make me eat more fucking magical fairy dust. Cause that worked out so well last time.”“No, actually. This last test is a spell. I need to see how you react to magical energy. Like I said before, you seem to consume magic, but I can’t tell where it’s going. This spell will let me see what happens to magical energy around you. There’s just one catch.”“First pants, now you’re going to tell me there is anal probing after all. Just my fucking luck.”“No! I need to be able to touch you with my horn for this. And pony horns are very sensitive so I’m asking that you don’t interrupt me.”“And where will you be touching me with your pointy head lance?”“Uh… Your forehead probably.”“Fine, just don’t stab my eyes out with that thing. Let me just move so you can get a better reach.”“Wait, no… I need you like this, for science reasons.”“Science reasons?”“Yeah. If you’re not sitting, then the volumetric dispensation of test energies doesn’t optimally redistribute for coplanar evaluation. I’d have to do the whole test three times to get a bivertical interpolation sample and then reintegrate that to extrapolate dimensionality. Not that I mind vector calculus, but this way is just easier.”“So you’re just gonna…”“Yeah, I’ll just climb up onto your lap. It’ll be fine.”Twilight, now on top of your lap started firing bubbles of multicolor ethereal light from her horn in the area around you, all of them slowly drawing nearer to you. She finally finished and moved closer to you, her hooves over your shoulders and her face in front of yours. She tilted her head down and brought her horn to rest against your forehead.“Is that your penis?” Twilight asked, looking between her legs.“Only if that’s your sopping wet pussy mashed up against it,” you retorted.“Anon, what the fuck!” Atlas yelled, evidently having entered at exactly the wrong time.“I’m not sure if I believe you, Anon” Atlas said, walking along the cobblestone street leading away from the library.“I swear, she came on to me! First she gives me a fucking fairy dust boner, then she disappears my only set of pants, and then she just had to ride me just like someone else I know in order to do some kind of spell. Plus she’s a turbo nerd,” you finished, tightening the purple towel wrapped around your waist, “I don’t want to stick my dick in that! I mean I probably would have let it happen, but I wouldn’t have started it that's for sure!”“I have no words…” Atlas sighed, leading you onward towards the inn where he stayed.“Dude, it was all her!” you exclaim, clearly convincing Atlas of nothing.“That’s not Twilight! She’s clumsy, sure. A little exuberant at times, definitely. But you’re the only creature I’ve met who is horny enough to try and seduce an entirely new species the first time you meet them.”“Hey, I take my sex drive as a matter of pride, but you’re putting words in my mouth. Or ponies on my dick, as it were.”“So you weren’t going to fuck her then?”“I mean the thought did cross my mind. Plus she wanted it!” you explain, leaning in to whisper in Atlas’s ear, “She was even wetter than you were.”“You’re so vulgar, you know that?”“I had a troubled childhood and Internet access from a young age. Honestly, this is anyone’s fault but mine.”“What’s an Internet?” Atlas inquired, “Wait, actually I probably don’t want to know. If it made you what you are, then it needs to stay in your world.”“Hey, the Internet’s great yo! It’s like a series of tubes, if all those tubes lead to shit tons of porn. You fuckers do have porn here right?”“I’m not answering that!”“That sounds like something someone would only say if they knew what porn is. Fuckin’ score! Let’s go get some.”“Anon, we’re already at the inn,” Atlas rebuked, pointing at the large, heavily windowed building in front of you, “And I wouldn’t even know where to look in Ponyville.”“Fine, I’ll just have to make due with what I’ve got then,” you smirk, slapping Atlas on the flank.“Celestia, you had to do that in front of the innkeeper, didn’t you?” Atlas scolded, “I bet she thinks you’re gay now.”You immediately snap your attention to the timid and confused looking cream-colored earth pony behind the counter. “Hey! You!” you yell, watching her tremble slightly at your unexpected attention, “I’m not fuckin’ gay! Got it?” She just shrank behind the counter as Atlas hung his head in shame.You followed Atlas as he trudged onward towards his room, sneaking in behind him as he held the door open in his magic. As the door shut behind you, you heard the deadbolt and chain both click into place, watching as the deep red aura around Atlas’s horn faded.“Alright, now that we’re alone, you piece of shit, I’ve got things to say,” Atlas said, his voice shifting as the green flame followed shortly after, “First off, stop causing a fucking scene everywhere you go!”“Uh… That’s kinda who I am. No promises.”“Hive, you’re insufferable!” she snapped, throwing herself against what you now noticed was the lone bed in the room. “Why didn’t I leave you in those woods?”“You know why.” You rebuked, dropping the towel you had been clutching for the better part of an hour now.“I’m really not in the mood for your shit right now,” she exhaled, burying her head in the pillows. “Can you just leave me alone for a bit?”“Fine. I’m going to take a shower. Alone, without anyone to bother me. Have fun being by yourself you friendless bug,” you spat. That was harsh, but she had been giving you shit all day for stuff that wasn’t even your fault! But the more you thought about it, the more you felt like the friendless bug.You slammed the door to the small bathroom behind you, scoping out the small shower, awkward commode, and low-set sink. You didn’t really feel like taking that shower anymore, but you did kind of smell like a week’s worth of bad choices. You turned the faucet on as hot as it went, and waited. Within a few seconds the steam rose as the water cascaded down from a ceiling mounted shower head.You carefully maneuvered yourself into the tight quarters of the shower, the hot water biting against your skin. But it wasn’t the water that hurt the most right now, what really hurt was the fact that you had just done what you always did. You fucked something up. Of course, Em could have cut you some slack, but you had just gone off on her for no good reason. You were frustrated at the wrong things, and it made you stupid. You weren’t gonna cry about it though, at least not in anywhere near her. Instead you concentrated on the scalding heat of the water, the pain dulling your own. The tears still came.You went through the motions of your shower, thinking about how to apologize to the little lovebug who was your only friend in this strange, over-saturated, unfamiliar world. As you lathered soap across your chest, you didn’t even notice the door open, barely registering the shower curtain drawing at the other end of the tub. In crawled the very object of your concentration, her gaze diverted from you as she settled herself in.“Hey, mind if I join you?”“What are you doing here?” you questioned, your tone sharper than you meant.“I-I… We shouldn’t fight like that. I’m sorry.”“Yeah, uh… Me too. I should have never said all that shit about…”“It’s okay. You were mad. I was mad too. Let’s not be mad anymore. We need each other to survive.”“We need each other for more than that,” you joked, except you were serious. You crouched down, getting as close to her level as you could. “Now in my world, when someone joins you in the shower, there’s a certain expectation.”“Oh? Do you want me to wash your back?” Metamora asked nonchalantly, feigning ignorance.You saw right through her though, reaching back with one hand to turn down the water temperature as you steadied yourself into a reclining position with the other. Once you freed your hand from the tap, you reached for Metamora’s foreleg, pulling her once more into an intimate embrace. “I want more than that, Em.”“Hha… You’re not even hard yet and I can already feel the love pouring off of you. What’s gotten into you?”You thought for a moment before answering, “Perspective.”“Oh? What do you mean?”“Well I realized, this, what we have right here, whatever it is…” you explained, “It’s special. I don’t know how I got here, and I don’t know if I’m here to stay, but…”“Don’t say you love me, Anon” Metamora cautioned, “You know I can’t love back, right?”“That’s not…” you started, “We’re not there yet. I still want you, Em.”“Just like this?” she asked, nodding towards the holes in one of her legs.“Just like this,” you confirmed, pulling her further up, settling her head next to yours as you wrapped your arms around her. Water cascaded over both of you, an additional warmth to your embrace.She kissed you. Not the utilitarian kiss you shared the last time you made love, there was passion behind this one. It was a gentle, soft affair, her eyes squeezed shut as she rest her lips against yours.“Are you ready?” She asked, breaking the kiss and staring deeply into your eyes. “More than you know.” You said, feeling her shift her weight, the warmth between her legs coming to rest against your stiffening shaft.“No dick jokes this time?” she chuckled, lining herself up against you.“You’re really expecting me to ruin this mood?” you ask, breath catching as she slowly moves back and forth against you with agonizing, electrifying friction, “You know, I’ve heard that inappropriate jokes are supposed to be a defense mechanism. But I don’t have anything to hide from you.”“Neither do I.” Metamora agreed, shifting far enough forward to release your member from between her thighs. She slowly lifted up and pressed her warm, slick opening against your engorged maleness.There were no words as she descended on you. You watched the slow rise and fall of her chest as she took her time, letting both of you savor every last feeling as you sunk inside.“Taking it slow this time, huh?” you asked as she bottomed out against you.“I want it to last,” she said, slowly lifting herself up on shaky legs, “I don’t want this to end.”“Me neither,” you admitted, reaching out to caress one of her sides as she once more descended upon you.You continued on like this, Metamora gently, rhythmically rising and falling. Both silent - a deep, cavernous quiet as the only sound was the hiss of water as it rained upon Metamora’s carapace. After what felt like an eternity all too short, you felt her quicken her pace, her motions peppered with barely audible gasps and moans, her breathing and yours both accelerating.“Hey Em?” you ask.“Huh?” she prompts, locking her icy eyes with yours, her gaze full of unmistakable hunger.“You don’t need to hold back. You’re not going to offend me if you cum before I do.”“I’m not sure what’s going on. I thought I would’ve already made a mess of both of us.”“Lemme give you a hand then,” you reply reaching your free hand forward and stroking at the crux of your union. A few circles of your thumb and her clit was evident, drawing a distinct gasp every time you crossed it.“Those hands aren’t fair!” she whimpered softly, “And even gryphons and dragons don’t have the ones that stick out from the rest of them. What do you call them?”“Thumbs?” you ask, drawing over her winking clit once more, “They’re the reason why we’re my world’s apex predator. We don’t have magic so opposable digits gave us the opportunity to use tools and assert our dominance over the rest of my world.”“Mmh… I think I believe you,” she agreed, leaning into your touch. “I’m getting close though, are you?”“Let’s just worry about you for now. You don’t need to hold out for me.”“Oh, ah!” she stuttered, her motions starting to get more erratic. “Good, cause I’m so close I just-”You thrust your hips up to meet her, watching as her gaze stopped tracking and her jaw slackened.“A-Anon! I-I. This is so wonderful,” she confessed. You noticed that her reactions were much less dramatic than your earlier romp. Everything was slower, gentler, but somehow more intense. You could feel her insides trying to coax you toward that beautiful end as well, asking for that ultimate finality. As soon as her orgasm subsided, you noticed her tense up again, looking upward.“Cold!” she shrieked before shutting off the water with her magic.“Oh uh… Let me just get a towel and we can dry-”“Stop,” she commanded, “Pick me up and stand up. Don’t you dare pull out.” You did as she asked, standing up while still maintaining a tight grip upon her, and while she still maintained a tight grip upon you. You felt a wave of heat pass along you as you noticed green flames wicking away any water on you.“You know, there is only the one bed, Anon.”“Yeah, I can sleep on the floor if you want… Can I borrow a pillow though?”“That’s not what I meant at all!” she corrected, “I want you to finish what you started, and then we’ll share.”“Deal.”“Thanks again, Rarity. You can take my measurements again any time you want!” you yell, darting out from Carousel Boutique wearing an entirely new set of clothes and carrying more. You were beginning to think there was something to this magic stuff because she made you three full outfits in fifteen minutes, all without having ever seen anything other than your majestic form.“You didn’t…” Atlas hesitated, “I knew I shouldn’t have left you alone with her!”“Jeez Atlas, nothing happened! Relax!”“What was all that about taking your measurements? I know a euphemism when I hear one.”“No that’s actually… Her measuring tape broke, so she had to guess. She wants me to come back when she gets a new one so she can alter these.”“I find that highly improbable, but no more improbable than anything else that’s happened thus far.” Atlas conceded, trudging alongside you as you walked back to the inn.“So what are we doing today?” you ask with all the incessant annoyance of an impatient schoolchild.“We’re going back to the Everfree. Twilight wants to see if she can’t figure out how you got here.”“You mean the super scary forest we made it out of without so much as seeing another creature?”“Yes. We were unbelievably lucky. Even given my experience.”“Your experience as a rock scientist or-”“Ugh, that’s not what the geo- is for. It’s geography, not geology.”“Nerrrrrrrrrrrd.”“I hope you trip and fall in a patch of poison joke.”“Poison what? I thought you said poison joke for a moment.”“I did. It’s a very dangerous plant that grows all over the Everfree. There’s no telling what reaction it’ll cause until it’s too late.”“Sounds dumb, especially with a name like that,” you decree.“You sound-” Atlas started, catching himself. “You know what, I thought we were cool after last night.”“Wouldn’t it be suspicious if I was all of the sudden not a dick to you, though?” you ask, “I mean it’s likely someone would figure out you-know-what, but at worst they might think I’m gay!”“You worry about that way too much to be somepony who is comfortable with their sexual orientation.”“Since when did you turn into a fuckin’ psychologist, huh? I don’t like dudes, bro!”“Just saying. Maybe ‘magical talking pony land’ as you keep calling it isn’t the only thing that’s a change for you…” Atlas offered, opening the door to the inn with his magic.“You know what, Atlas,” you seethe, “you can suck my fat hairy cock.” The same inkeeper from last night just happened to be staring directly at you as you said that. “FUCK!”You dropped off your new outfits, refusing to say so much as a word to Atlas the entire time. After you dropped off your clothes and left the inn once more, you both set out for the Everfree Forest, basically retracing your steps once more. This world had a lot more walking than you would have hoped.“So, uh, let’s talk about something else,” you offer.“Like what?” Atlas asks“I dunno. Tell me things about Equestria or something.”“What do you want to know?”“I guess… what’s an Element of Harmony?”All of the sudden a familiar purple pony seemed to magically appear out of nowhere, sneaking up behind you.“Hi Anon, Atlas!” Twilight beamed, “Couldn’t help but overhear your question there! Can I Atlas?”“Sure, Twily.”“Why do you keep calling me that?” she asked before turning to you, “The Elements of Harmony defend Equestria and the balance of harmony from any threats. There’s six of us…”If you were going to be honest with yourself, you really didn’t hear much more after that. But it made for a nice distraction to get you back to that spot in the middle of the Everfree. Anything would be less boring than that walk, even hearing Purple Fur McStarButt give a lecture that seemed magically enchanted to put you to sleep.“We’re here!” Atlas piped up, finally freeing you of the never ending monologue.“What are we doing here again?”“I want to revisit what happened yesterday. See if I can’t figure out how you got here, Anon.”“How you gonna do that, I basically fell from the sky according to Em… uh, according to Atlas.”“Magic” she squeaked, her eyes brightening. Her horn followed shortly after, sparking to life as she did god-knows-what.“I’d leave her be, Anon” Atlas cautioned. The urge to fuck with her only grew stronger, but you restrained yourself. You still weren’t sure if the purple sorceress liked you or not.“Yeah, I ain’t goin’ anywhere near her when that thing’s on. Not after what she threatened to do last night,” you joked.“All done!” she exclaimed. “Three observations: First, I have no clue how Anon got here. There’s no trace of magic or energy or any kind of space-time manipulation. Second, there was a lot of love given off recently here, you were right about the Changeling harvesting, Atlas.” She paused, drawing a little closer to you two and whispering under her breath, “Third, and don’t be alarmed… There’s a Changeling somewhere very close by. I can’t tell where, they’re masking themselves, but they’re here.”Atlas bristled.“Oh no!” you exclaimed in mock panic, “Atlas told me they’re horrible, evil creatures! That they suck the very souls out of any creature they find! What do we do?”“Eh, like I said. No reason to be worried. Most Changelings are incredibly weak. Atlas could probably take one down, and he couldn’t, to use his words, hurt a breezie if he wanted to.”“Oh really?” you chuckled, “Atlas said they’re strong, tough, capable of besting even a dragon in hand-to-hand combat… Hoof to hoof combat? Hoof to claw? Nevermind.”Twilight snickered, “Little bit too enamored with what you’re researching, huh Atlas?”“Wha? Oh, yeah… Guess I went a bit overboard.”“So Atlas,” you asked, anticipating the implicit beatdown you were going to lord over Metamora, “Is Twilight right? Could you beat up a Changeling?”“I… uh,” Atlas stammered, clearly flustered by this line of inquiry, “Depends on the Changeling.”“What do you mean? You’re not saying there are different subspecies of Changeling are you?” Twilight asked“I uh… That’s not, well uh… I don’t have any proof but… The evidence points to that, yes.”“Fascinating.” Twilight said, “Now Atlas, run back to town and fetch the Royal Guards!”“Whoa, what do we need guards for, we haven’t even seen this Changeling!” you exclaim.“We’re going to hunt it down and end it. Anything this close to Ponyville is a danger to society.”“Hold on. Wait just a minute here. Twilight, you’re saying we’re going to kill it?”“Yes. We need to terminate it.”“Kill, Twilight. Say it. You want to kill something. You. Kill.”“I, uh…” she paused. “Well, um…”“Twilight, we’re not killing anything. Murder is a serious crime where I come from, and I can’t imagine that happy sunshine and rainbow pastel pony world is more okay with that than the bleak hellscape I come from.”“It’s a pest!”“It’s a creature that’s doing no harm, living in its natural environment that we invaded, right Atlas?”Hearing his name he unstuck himself from the disconnected panic he had worked himself into, “Uh yeah…”“You don’t understand!”“Twilight, I don’t care what you say, nobody’s killing anyone today. We’re going to leave, go back to town, and you’re going to keep your horn turned the fuck off,” you command, “I don’t need you blasting a hole through my dick just because you see your shadow. C’mon Atlas, we’re leaving.”You start walking back the direction you came, Atlas mindlessly in tow with Twilight falling in lockstep after a few moments of indecision.“That’s what I thought,” you gloat, “Now let’s get back to town. I’m hungry enough that I’m not immediately ready to throw up at the thought of a flower sandwich.”Neither one of them said much of anything on the walk back. Atlas still seemed shook up for obvious reasons, and you were certain that Twilight was internally grappling with the fact that she had lost a battle of morality against the biggest sack of shit the universe had to offer. The walk back, despite the silence, was somehow more tolerable. Probably the self-righteousness at work, but you didn’t care.Regretting your earlier statement, you decided against a flower-filled sandwich and instead decided you were leading your two shadows on a wild goose chase to find that bakery you passed that one time. What was it called again, Sugarcane Square? Eventually you asked Atlas to point you in the right direction, and it turns out you were only a block away and you had passed it three times. Fuck this pastel pony town and their fucking non-euclidean streets.You waltzed inside, ordering a hearty quiche for yourself and a cupcake each for Mr. and Mrs. silent treatment. You made Atlas pay because you had no fucking idea how money worked in this obviously anti-capitalist economic nightmare. You devoured your quiche as Atlas and Twilight just picked at their cupcakes, still wholly silent.“Jeez, fuck this shit. If you guys aren’t going to say anything then I might as well just go take a fucking nap,” you declare in irritation, “Atlas, come on. Twilight, we’ll catch up later. Peace.” You led Atlas onward, holding on to the scruff of his neck until he started walking without any input. The walk back to the inn wasn’t too far, but you noticed Atlas still wasn’t saying anything. As you got closer and closer though, you noticed that he almost started to vibrate, as if he were about to explode into a million different pieces. You arrived at the inn once more, noticing that for once that pesky innkeeper was not behind the desk.You realized that by the time you arrived at his room it seemed like Atlas couldn’t open the door fast enough. He fumbled the key a few times before jamming it into the lock, throwing open the door and then shoving you inside while following closely behind. No faster had the door shut than a blinding green flame enveloped Atlas’s entire body at once, as he galloped for the bed.“Hive, I’m so fucking horny right now. I swear if you don’t get over here and stick your dick in me right now I’ll catch fire.”“What’s gotten into you?” you ask, still starting to shed your clothes - you weren’t going to miss this chance.“You saved my carapace back there, evidently near death experiences really do it for me.”“Guess I’m not gonna take that nap after all…”“Housekeeping!” you heard a gentle voice call from the hall, followed by two quick knocks on the door. The handle turned slowly, finally yielding to the door itself opening. In walked the innkeeper you kept running into, carrying a stack of towels in front of her face. She turned into the bathroom to place them down, completely oblivious of you two until she returned. As she caught sight of the two of you moments from joining at the hip.“Shit,” you sigh, “Well at least you know I’m not gay now…”She said nothing in return, just staring, mouth agape, at the two of you.“This isn’t gonna be a problem, is it?” you ask, nodding toward where your dick was currently inches from the blushing Changeling below you. You didn’t know she could blush like that - you’d have to give her shit about that later. “I think we can come to some kind of arrangement here.”She wiped the look of shock from her face, looking as if she were going to say something, if only she remembered how to talk. “C’mon, I can be very persuasive,” you wink, “Isn’t that right, Em?” you asked, shoving your dick right into her waiting pussy. Metamora nodded furiously.She didn’t leave.“So, Em…” you asked from the bathroom, buttoning the fly on another pair of your pants, “What’s on the agenda today?”“Eh, my day is empty for once,” you heard the voice of Atlas call back, “But you’re going to have some fun. Twilight needs to run more tests on you.”“FUCK!” you scream. That purple horse was going to be the death of you. But a thought struck you, “How do you even know all these things? You guys don’t even have the Internet, do you have weird magic cell phones or something?”“Oh, it’s pretty simple, and if you’d paid more attention, you’d probably notice.” Atlas joked, “Here, come take a look.”You stepped out from the bathroom and walked over to Atlas, watching as he unfurled a small piece of parchment in his magic. You realized before you were close enough to read it that there were only a few words on it, but once you got close enough to read it, you were even more worried.NEED ANON. MORE TESTS.“NO! I refuse! You can’t make me Atlas! I’ll run away and… and…” you thought, “fuck it, I don’t even know how to run away. And I hate running.”“It can’t be that bad. Just don’t fuck her and it’ll be over before you know it!”“Hey! I can’t promise that. Not if she sticks me in her sex dungeon, gags me, and literally jumps on my dick again!”“I thought we dropped this.” Atlas sighed.“This is a new and terrifying threat! I don’t want to lose my pants again!”“Anon, please. Of all the things that you should not do, that one is by and large the most immediately dangerous for both of us. I would consider it a personal favor if you could keep your dick dry just this once.”“I’ll do my best Atlas, but it’s beginning to sound like Em might just be a little bit jealous.”“Em,” Atlas growled, “is not jealous.”“Whoa, chill bro. Message received,” you placated, holding your hands up. “So, uh… what time should I head over there?”“Just go. I’ll catch up with you this afternoon.”“Alright Atlas,” you concede, walking to the door “and I promise, I really will try. It seems like this means a lot to you.”“Thanks,” he called as you opened the door to leave.You traipsed the now-familiar halls of the inn, heading for the lobby and out into the world once more, but as you entered the spacious foyer you picked up on something. Looking around, at first, you didn’t realize what it was. Then you saw the innkeeper, except where there was previously a reserved looking earth pony mare, there stood the same mare now looking chipper and lively.“Good morning, Cornflower!” you called out, waving at her.“Good morning, Anon!” she replied happily, “Have a nice day!”You pushed your way through the lobby doors, taking Cornflower’s words to heart. You were going to have a great day. No science experiments were going to bring you down. You made your way to that big fucking tree with a smile on your face. Everybody was staring at you strangely but you didn’t give a shit. You were a fucking rockstar!Tree. Knock. Purple.“Good morning Twilight! What’s-” you were cut off, feeling as if a linebacker had come behind you to shove you through the door.“No time to talk. To the se-” she paused, “To the lab!”“Uh, you know I can move on my own, right?” you asked, struggling against her magic as she levitated you down the stairs and into that same chair.“Right, well… I, uh” she hesitated, “yeah, part of the test is to make sure magic works on you. Which it does. Obviously.”“I still don’t understand how any of this is relevant to anything.”“Just trust me on this. I need this.”“Fine. What do we have to test today?”“It’s a secret. But I need you to take off your clothes.”“Twilight,” you scolded, “you can’t just say that to someone. This is a sex thing, isn’t it?”“No! What! Why would you even think that? Totally not a sex thing.” she deflected, blushing furiously.“Twilight, I promised Atlas that I wouldn’t fuck you.”“Atlas? What does he have to do with any of this? He's not here!”“He’s my friend, Twilight. And if he asks me not to do this, I’m inclined to listen.”“Wait, you’re not… you didn't-”“Oh my god Twilight, you can’t just ask someone if they’re gay. And no, for the record, I’m not.”“S-Sorry…” she whispers, “But there’s no chance I can convince you to…”“No, Twilight. I made a promise.”“Please?” she asked, tears welling at the corners of her eyes, “I’ll do anything you want! I-I just need this. I need you.”“What’s gotten in to you, Twilight?” you ask. Something felt off about this entire thing, and you didn’t want to get involved regardless of what Atlas said.“I don’t think you would understand.”“Try me,” you offer, puffing out your chest a bit.“It’s so… I just… Well, how much do you know about reproductive biology?”“In your world?” you asked, thinking about replying snarkily before realizing you couldn’t explain what you did know, “…basically nothing.”“Alright. I’ll start with the big news then, and then I’ll explain what that means. I’m in estrus, Anon.”“Estrus? What’s that?”“Creatures don’t go into heat where you’re from? How do you procreate?”“Oh! Heat, like a bit-” you hesitate, “Yeah, I know what that is.”“Great. So for ponies, our heat is physically painful. Most mares take care of it either with a spell or potion, but I was stupid and I got my hopes up for something else.”“Got your hopes up for what?”“I wanted an actual stallion! I’m so tired of being a lonely virgin, but stallions are so complicated! He is so complicated!”“And I’m not complicated? I’m a fucking alien to you guys! What could be more complicated than that?”“That’s not what I meant. You’re, uh…” she hesitated, “easy?”“Twilight, are you calling me a manwhore?” you ask, shocked, “Oh wait, I understand why you all don’t like being called a horse now!”“You just seemed… conveniently receptive. You know, no strings attached.”“Do you really need me to do this? Can’t you just use a spell like you said?”“Anon it hurts so bad I can’t even concentrate long enough to cast it! I would have needed to do that yesterday but I was hoping to… while we were in the woods, but the Changeling, and…”“Twilight! You want to fuck a Changeling? Isn’t that illegal?”“No that’s not! Ugh… Can we not talk about this?”“I mean I get the appeal, they can be whatever you want and all, but still. I thought I was depraved,” you chuckle.“Anon, can you shut up and fuck me?”“Oh, that’s not part of the deal…” you laugh maniacally, removing your shirt “Pick one: quiet or sex.”You knew which one she picked. You felt bad for her, but you’d feel worse if you thought she felt pitied. You had to hit her with that Anon special before you could hit her with the Anon Jr. special. After tossing your shirt aside, you quickly dropped your pants and underwear in one quick motion, freeing your half-cocked weapon from its holster.Her breath hitched in her throat as she saw your scepter once more. She was entirely fixated on that which was between your legs. “Um about the size though…”“Wow Twilight, Rude!” you scoff, barely believing she had the audacity to ask.“What if I can make it bigger?”You froze. Could she? “Can you?”“I think…” she concentrated, “Let me just…” she wound up, her horn glowing to life as that familiar magenta aura encircled your shaft. The unique feeling of her magical grasp was enough to bring you to full mast, but then you marveled as in front of your eyes, your previously average dick leapt forth, nearly doubling in length and becoming half again as wide as it already was.“Holy fuck, Twi!” you exclaim, “I’m fucking huge! This shit’s permanent right?”“I mean I can undo it if you-”“Don’t you fucking dare!” you scream, “Now how do you wanna do this?” you finish, standing up from your chair.She blinked, her entire form starting to wiggle with anticipation. “Just rut me until you cum. And whatever happens, don’t worry about me.”“Is it safe?” you ask, “No risk of baby Anons, right?”She nodded.“Alright…” you agree, “But what about the height difference. You’re gonna be about yea short,” holding up your hands about a foot and a half apart.All of the sudden an avalanche of books cascaded down the stairwell, forming an impromptu platform for your purple pony partner, perfectly positioning her for prime pussy pounding. She even had the forethought to cover the top with newspapers. She climbed upon the platform and immediately turned away, shaking her rear enticingly.“Holy shit. I fucking love magic!” you scream, walking up behind Twilight, “You ready ya fuckin’ horse?”“Hha-” she shuddered, a torrent of fluid answering the question, “J-Just stick it in!”“Your wish”, you grunt, lining yourself up, “is my command!” You shoved yourself in as far as you can go, the added length of your now absurd maleness meaning you exhausted the travel you expected with much of your dick still exposed to the open air. You awkwardly waltzed forward the remaining several inches to firmly entrench yourself within her. The feeling of her moist, cavernous interior was much different than you were used to as well, less intense than your Changeling friend, but it also gently milked you even at this early stage.“Oh!” Twilight squealed, “F-finally. Sweet Celestia, it feels so much better than I thought.”“Heh, that ain’t nothing,” you say, beginning to pull out from her passage, “Just wait until I really get going.”“Just fucking do it!” she begged, throwing her weight back against you as you sunk in again.“Fine, but you asked for it,” you warned as you grabbed her hips. You ratcheted up the speed as quickly as you could manage, shoving your dick in and out of her at speeds that would make quantum physics break down. Only a few thrusts in and she squealed in pleasure.“A-Aren’t you gonna…” she asked timidly, as if all of her research was wrong.“Heh, that’s the Anon Special right there. I’m not a two-pump chump like your wimpy stallions.”“How do you know about that, didn’t you say you didn’t know about Equestrian mating habits?”Fuck. Lie time, “Atlas told me. Turns out he likes to talk about his dick too. Shame I had to put him in his place.”“So you did…”“OH GOD NO! Jesus fuck, for the eighty ninth time I’m not fucking gay!”“Sounds pretty gay to me.”“Oh I’m gonna make you wish you hadn’t said that,” you growl, once again speeding up, “Is flooding your pussy with my jizz gay, huh?”“D-Do it!” she screamed. You pistoned a few more times as the first ropes freed themselves from your tip, finally settling as deep within her purple pony pussy as possible as you rode out your orgasm.“Shit, I had no idea I could even come that much! Did you do…”She nodded innocently.“Damnit Anon, I asked you for one thing, and you still found a way to fuck that up.” Atlas shouted, grabbing you in his magical aura and throwing you against a nearby wall. “And you, Twilight. I thought you were above this.”“Atlas, this isn’t what it looks like-” Twilight exclaimed, watching him trot over to you.“Say goodbye, Anon.” Atlas commanded, once again enveloping you in his blood-red magic.“Goodbye?” you screamed, “Goodbye to what?”“Atlas no!” Twilight yelled.Poof.“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” you screamed, eyes screwed shut. Free of Atlas’s magic you crumpled to the ground weakly, only now feeling the force with which he threw you against that wall.“You had to fuck that up, didn’t you,” Atlas’s voice came. A brief flash later and you were staring back at your favorite Changeling in the whole wide world, “I’m going to make you hurt.”“Hold on, hold on!” you bargain, “Just chill, Em…”She didn’t. You felt yourself fly against the bed, forced to sit at the very edge as she slowly, intimidatingly sauntered towards you. That would be sexy as fuck if she wasn’t about to castrate you. Fuck, it was still sexy; If your dick was going to go, it was going to go doing what it loved - being hard as fucking diamond.“On second thought…” she paused, conflicted as she stared at your significantly altered anatomy, “It’d be a shame to let this dick go to waste…”“Yep! Yeah… Definitely probably don’t want to cut that off and force feed it to me!”“Wait you thought I was going to…” she winced, “Hive no! I have much worse ways to torture you that don’t involve getting rid of this beautiful thing.”She stared at it with pure wonder, moving to place a hoof upon your leg for leverage so she could heft your massive schlong with her other hoof. As she drew upon you and casually stroked you the rest of the way to glorious erection, you once again noticed those menacing fangs. You might have been more scared of them now than you ever were before.“Now this,” she admired, “This is a dick. Twilight do this?”“Yeah she uh…”“Finally, no more of that puny shriveled disappointment. Welcome to being a real stallion.”“Wow, uh… Guess you were serious when you said you had other ways to hurt me…”“Hive I’m going to fucking swallow you whole. I haven’t seen a dick this big since the last time I was in Zebrica.”Her mouth was now imperceptibly close to you, her breath sending shivers down your spine as it washed over your head. There was a glint in her eyes as she opened wide, letting you come to rest against her warm, green tongue.“I-I didn’t know ponies did blowjobs…” you admitted, shivering at the minimal contact. She didn’t respond, just closed her mouth around your head, letting her tongue wash against the underside of your shaft. You heard, and then felt a low hum of satisfaction.Before long she lowered herself down on you. Her fangs were just wide enough that you could feel them scrape alongside you as she descended, a rough scratching friction that both terrified you and heightened the experience.“Oh god… This is nothing like…” you started. Nothing like what, you wondered to yourself. Nothing like anything else you decided.Suddenly she started bobbing on your shaft, quickly increasing speed and depth until you realized she had to be taking you into her throat and she hadn’t even hesitated!“Fuck, Em! I knew you were jealous, but this is one hell of a way to show it.”She stopped, pulling her mouth away with a wet squelch, “I told you, Em isn’t jealous,” she cried, “Atlas is!”“Well I hate to break it to you, but I really don’t swing that way. No matter how many times you keep teasing me about it.”“You’re not… That’s not what I meant.”“Well what then?” you ask, pausing to think, “No way. Nuh uh. You like Twilight?”“Atlas likes-” she tried to correct.“Oh my god, that’s why you’ve been so weird about me fucking her. Like at first I thought you just wanted me to yourself but with Cornflower and all…” you took a breath, “Wow, Em.”“You’re the worst, you know that?”“I’m sorry,” you apologize, genuinely hurt by the realization, “I really am. If I would have known…”“You did know! I told you!”“Em, you- Atlas never told either of us. And, uh… He probably should’ve,” you hinted, “I think that might have prevented a lot of this.”“What do you mean?”“Let me tell you what actually happened,” you start, pulling yourself up into a more comfortable position on the bed before patting the area next to you. After a moment, Metamora grudgingly joined you. “So to start out, I would like to note that I turned her down like five times. I mean we eventually did go ahead and… so there’s that, but I genuinely tried, Em.”“For all that was worth,” she deadpanned.“Hey! Can you maybe just bottle up that anger for a bit. I promise you can be angry at me all you want later, but at least let me tell you why first.”She didn’t say anything in return this time, so you just pulled her a little closer alongside you, preparing to delve into your story.“So Twilight was in estrus,” you start, seeing the shock on Metamora’s face, “but hold on, okay, she said it was safe!”“Anon!”“Hey, Em, please? Be mad at me later. You can beat me up or suck me off or whatever, just… I need to explain myself, okay?”“Okay,” she harrumphed.“So she tells me what that means, and that she’s in actual physical pain because she can’t find a stallion to fill this purely biological need,” you continue. “She asked me to fill that need. She was crying, and in pain, and I did what a friend would do. I did what she needed.”“Why didn’t she ask me - er, Atlas?”“Oh, now that I know all the angles, I think she wanted to…” you hint, “She said everyone else she could ask was complicated. You know what else is complicated? Love - the kind you have, not the kind you eat.”“I- uh…” she thought for a moment, “And you’re not complicated? You’re always all over the place and I can’t stand how hard it is to stay mad at you.”“I asked the same thing. But no, not to her. To Twilight I’m just a dick with legs. I would have been offended, but you know me. And I realized, you and Twilight have a lot in common in that regard. You’re both part of this bright, happy world full of wonder and amazement, but neither of you can figure out how to be a part of it. I understand why you’re scared, why Atlas would be scared, to take chances, but you need to live a little, Em. You’re afraid, scared of what might happen if you chase what you want to happen.”“Anon, for being such a dick all the time, you’re surprisingly not a dick all the time. I’m sorry I didn’t trust you.”“Really? You’re not angry that you missed out on steamy heat sex with the mare of your dreams?”“And there you go again. You know what, I wouldn’t have it any other way,” she decided, getting back up from the bed.“What are you doing?” you ask quizzically.“I’m going to finish what I started,” she said with a sultry wink, “Now get over here and choke me with your fucking meat cannon.”“Holy shit, Em. The fuck did this come from?”“Right now?” she asked, “I’m hungry. Teleportation takes so much energy.”“And um…” you started, scooting to sit on the edge of the bed once more, “meat cannon?”“Shut up. Don’t worry about it. Less making me talk and more making me suck,” she commanded, letting her mouth hang open with her tongue out.“Hold on…” you ask, “Door’s locked this time?”She nodded.“Then if you insist…” you acquiesce, lopping your enhanced erection right in front of her waiting maw. You rocked your hips forward only as far as it took to make contact with her tongue. As soon as this happened, she dove back into action, working overtime to fit your magically magnified meat in her mouth.You reveled in this feeling. Her soft, attentive tongue danced along you as she coaxed you down her throat. You felt her rippling along your length as she tried in vain to swallow. But she didn’t once choke, didn’t once gag or struggle for breath. She just kept going, sliding up your length to let her tongue play along your head, then delving back down in one smooth, rapid motion. It made you just the tiniest bit jealous when you realized that you definitely weren’t the first creature she had used this talent on. This ability was something learned.“Em, hold on,” you coax, “This is really doing it for me, but I need something to do with my hands.”She stopped and looked up at you, dick still deep inside her mouth. You almost came just from the sight.“Just, fuck, come on,” you directed, pushing her off of you. You hefted yourself up onto the bed and laid back against the sheets, “Jump on up here.”“Anon what are you-” she asked, complying with your request and jumping up alongside you. As soon as she brought herself within reach, you struck. You grabbed her, still in awe at how light she was, spinning her around so her head once again acquainted itself with your towering dick, while you got a view that nothing could compete with. Your mare - she was your mare, right - was soaking wet, her deep grey lips plastered in her fluids.She jumped back into action as soon as she realized what the change of scenery for both of you meant. Her enthusiastic motions came with much more noise, something that only seemed to egg her on further. As she got back into the swing of things, you determined now would be a great time to invoke a little bit of digital interaction. You grabbed her tail right where it met her body and steadied her with a firm grip. Your other hand moved to brush against her marehood, first with light strokes in no particular pattern.This added sensation only kicked her into the next gear, her vicious motions disturbed only by the occasional moan or squeal - you couldn’t tell whether your dick or your hands were driving her verbal excitement. All you cared about right now was giving back. You quickly switched to more stimulating motions, thrusting two fingers in and out of her winking slit at great speed. You could tell this was having an enormous effect on her, much the same as she was drawing you towards your peak.You were, for the first time since you met this little bug, going to cum before she was! You needed an edge - and then you remembered. You remembered how wild you drove her the other day when you hit that one spot. It was just… a little… deeper.Nailed it. You found the spongier feeling area you were looking for with relative ease, pressing hard against it as you felt the first ropes of your impending orgasm prepare for launch.She froze, sheathing you completely within her throat as both of you came in tandem. You watched as her hind legs shivered slightly where they rest, her entire body slack against yours.Everything felt perfect, like nothing could interrupt this peaceful moment you two shared. She just laid there, upside down in your arms, neither of you saying anything in the hopes that you could forget the inevitable march of time.Knock Knock“Shit!” Metamora whispered, scrambling onto her hooves.“Chill, we locked the door this time.” You whisper back.Knock KnockYou got up to answer the door, Metamora transforming to Atlas and magically sorting the evidence of your affairs.You open the door slowly, expecting to see your favorite innkeeper, except where her head would have been there was the immaculate alabaster chest of a much larger creature. Now would have been a great time for pants.“Wow, uh… You’re tall for a pony.”“You’re bigger than I was told as well…” the visitor at your door responded, glancing between your legs. Her voice was warm and maternal, calling to you in ways you’d never known before.“Damn. I don’t even know who you are and the first words out of your mouth are about how big my dick is? I think I like you!” you start, realizing you were missing something, “Uh… Who are you tho?”“Princess Celestia!” Atlas called out, rushing to the door and lowering his head in reverence.“Hello, dear Atlas! How go your studies?” she asked in acknowledgment.“I, uh… They’re great. In fact just the other day I…” he trailed off, “Actually I’m much more interested in what brings you here, to be honest.”“’Tis not a what, but a whom,” came a second voice you hadn’t noticed before. Princess Celestia shuffled to the side, revealing a slightly smaller but still very large pony, a deep navy coat of fur contrasting sharply with the Princess’s pure white. “Ah, sister. You are right. Twilight did so grossly underestimate in what she reported to us.”“Princess Luna?” Atlas asked, his voice cracking just the tiniest amount. Shit, two princesses. Damn your day was going fine.“Yes, Atlas. Like my sister said, we’re here to see somepony very specific.”“Hey! That’s me right?” you ask, two thumbs pointed directly at your chest. “Fuckin’ score!”“Well it seems like Twilight did accurately describe some of your mannerisms.” Celestia observed, “But yes. We have come to speak with you, Anon. Your existence is of great interest to the crown.”“So, uh… What can I do for you ladies then?” you ask, bracing yourself against one side of the door. Atlas had since fetched the third pair of your clothes, nudging you as if to suggest you consider putting them on. “Oh shit! Pants!” You snatched them out of Atlas’s magic and darted into the bathroom right next to you, dressing as quickly as you could with the door still open enough that you could see Atlas sweating the attention now focused on him.“Twilight told us that he was fond of such clothing,” you overheard Luna say. “‘Twas quite the curiosity to see that not the case.”“Ah well, you see…” Atlas hesitated, rubbing his neck with a hoof, “He uh…”You emerged, “Just a few minutes ago I was busy fucking Twilight’s brains out, and Atlas - being the dickbag that he is - fucking teleported me back here without my damn clothes.”“You mean Twilight Sparkle?” Celestia asked, her concerned tone new to you. She refocused on you, her voice suddenly serious “You fucked my protégé?”“Whoa! What’s with everyone’s fucking judgment boner over who I choose to put my dick in?” you scream, “You know what, I don’t care if you two are fucking princesses. Twilight is a fucking adult and she asked me! She was in heat and I was who she came to for relief. So fuckin’ turn down. I’m so not down for this whole social justice horse thing.”“You fucked my protégé while she was in heat?” came the even more furious voice of the white-furred princess. You could feel the visceral heat of her anger as if she were actually on fire.“Sister, Anon has a point. Twilight is a grown mare and may make her own decisions now. You’re being unreasonable.”The temperature dropped back down the ten degrees it had risen in those tense few moments, Celestia’s expression softening slightly. You let out a breath you didn’t even realize you were holding onto.“Sorry, Anon. Luna is right. Twilight is no longer a little schoolfilly and it would appear that she has made up her own mind about intimacy. But do promise me that you treated her well.”“Yes ma’am. I did everything she asked. We both enjoyed it.”“And I assume you took the necessary precautions so that she should not be with foal?” Luna interjected.“That’s what she told me.”“Fine.” Celestia conceded, “Though if I find out you’ve hurt her there will be no place you can hide inside my kingdom or out where my wrath cannot find you.”“I think I’m supposed to be intimidated by that, but instead I’m actually kinda turned on…” you admit.“Exactly like Twilight described.” Luna giggled to herself.“Right. So, uh… What can I do for you two other than exceed your expectations with my dick?” you ask. Luna giggled once more while Celestia tried to keep from cracking a smile.“Well first, Anon, would you be a gentlecolt and invite us in?” Celestia asked, that smile making an appearance anyway.“Oh, uh… Yeah, you can come inside whenever you want…” you stop, “That didn’t come out right. Just, uh… Follow me.”Luna evidently found this just as funny, attempting to stifle her laughter with a hoof.“I’m sorry, my Princesses, would I have known I was expecting visitors I would have asked Cornflower for a larger suite.”“And how would you be paying for that, Mr. Atlas” you whispered to him, imitating her bright, airy voice. He in turn kicked firmly at the back of your leg with one of his hooves.“‘Tis no trouble at all. ” Luna answered, “We anticipate this to be a rather quick conversation.”“Indeed, we have only a bit to talk about, and an offer for both of you that should be of some interest.”“Thank you for your flexibility,” Atlas groveled, “It is a shame that Twilight isn’t here. She does so love seeing you two.”Poof.“ATLAS NO!” Twilight screamed, ready to do …something. She looked ultimately disheveled, her mane a mess and her cheeks matted with tears. She blinked a few times at the sight in front of her as she tried to rationalize what was going on, “Atlas you went to the Princesses? You’d waste their time on this?”“Actually they um-” you started before she cut you off.“Anon! Oh thank goodness you’re okay! I thought for sure Atlas was going to…” she paused, “Wait if Atlas didn’t send for the Princesses, why are they-”“Twilight! Dost thou often speak of others as if they are not there?” Luna gasped, seemingly offended.“Yup. She sure does,” you answer, definitely not holding a grudge.“I’m sorry, I just…” Twilight trailed off, “Why are you here? I never see you anymore!”“We came to speak to Anon, Twilight.” Celestia answered, “He is the subject of great interest in Canterlot from the reports you submitted.”“The reports where you told them my dick was small?” you ask, staring lasers into Twilight.“It was a statement of fact! A purely anatomical observation! I merely noted that your phallus was substandard in comparison to the average stallion.”“Twilight that’s a rather unkind thing to say in front of someone…” Atlas interrupted. Man you really felt like shit if even Atlas was going to stick up for you.“Why do you think that when we…” Twilight started, “Actually… can we discuss this another time?”“Oh, there’s no need Twilight. Anon told us of your indiscretion.” Celestia hissed, the disappointment in her voice venomous.“He what uh… What did he tell you?”“Everything, Twi,” you answered, “But I don’t regret anything. Do you?”“No! You’re right! Celestia, I made a choice! I know you’re always trying to protect me, but this was my decision! And it was fucking wonderful!”“That topic was broached as well, dear,” Luna informed, “Tia just needs a bit to get over the fact that her favorite little filly isn’t a little filly anymore.”“Oh, uh…” Twilight hesitated, “Carry on then.”“So then…” you ask, “I’m popular in Canterwhatever?”“Canterlot” Atlas whispered at you.“The fuck kinda word is that even?” you whisper back.“Yes, Anon.” Celestia responded, “There are many nobles, and admittedly a Princess or two, that wish to make your acquaintance. And we wish to formally welcome you into Equestria with a great celebration.”“Sweet! Look at me, Em! I’m fucking popular!” you yell at Atlas. He gave you a weird look back though. Must be jealous.“M?” Twilight asked, the princesses both giving you looks as well. Shit.“Yeah, M for map. Cause Atlas’s ass picture is a map. Can we pause for one moment to say that I haven’t once brought up how weird it is that all of you have a fucking fur decal back there?”“Cutie mark.” Atlas corrected under his breath.“Shit, man. That sounds fucking gay as hell. I’d go with ass picture if I were you.”Luna evidently thought this was hilarious, giggling once again with that infectious sound that was so anti-parallel to her otherwise old-world charm.“Anyway, to get to the real point of why we’re here,” Celestia redirected, “Anon, we’d like to ask if you’d be willing to come to Canterlot, the capital of Equestria. We’d like to offer you a chance to meet the Equestrian nobility find out more about our history and culture. In turn we would also like to talk of your world as well.”“You said there’d be a party, right?” you reiterate, “Sign me the fuck up then.”“Wonderful!” Luna exclaimed, banging her hooves together in what sounded roughly like clapping.“And Atlas, I presume you’d like to come along as well,” Celestia continued, “Both to act as Anon’s guide and to be recognized for your rather unorthodox contribution to your field?”“Oh, I don’t intend to let Anon out of my sight. He’s like a foal in that way, always needs constant supervision.”“Thank you, Atlas,” she responded, her voice dropping to a whisper - which you still heard - “And thanks for reading between the lines.”“Hey! I don’t need a fucking babysitter!” you snapped, “Atlas if you treat me like a child I’ll… I’ll behave like one!”“That’s an empty threat, since you already do that anyway.” Atlas jeered. Man you really hated him sometimes.“Can I come with?” Twilight asked eagerly.“No, Twilight. You’ve done quite enough already.” Celestia reprimanded.“But I…” she paused. You weren’t sure if the disappointment of her mentor or the childlike treatment hurt her more, but the tears on her face were real either way.“Twilight,” Luna called, nuzzling against the purple pony, “What my sister means to say is that you have important work still to do here in Ponyville. There is still much concern over your reports of increased Changeling activity. We must root out that threat before it is in our midst.”“That’s not fair! I’m as much a part of this discovery as Atlas!” Twilight whined,“Actually,” you replied, “You only dosed me with fucking fairy dust, blew magical bubbles in my face, and then magically elongated my dick to use as a tool to satisfy yourself. Kinda self serving in the long run, even if I’m grateful for the enhancement.”“Yes, Twilight. Do not take credit where it is not yours to take. It’s quite unbecoming.” Celestia condescended.“It’ll be alright, Twilight. I’m sure you’ll be able to come up as soon as the Changelings aren’t in the Everfree anymore,” Atlas consoled.“Yeah!” you exclaim, “Maybe they’ll head to Canterlot next and you’ll have to come save me from a scary bug that wants to suck the love out of me, amongst other things!”“What a vivid imagination!” Luna exclaimed, “Anyhow, we must be going should we intend to make landfall before it is time to set the sun.”“Yes. Goodbye Twilight,” Celestia concluded, lighting her horn. You felt the warm caress of magic once more as you were enveloped in a golden aura, watching as Atlas was enveloped as well by the same field. Luna enshrouded herself in her own deep blue aether as all of the sudden reality blinked briefly out of existence.Before you had a moment to admire the transient nothingness, you had arrived.“Tia! We wished to fly back to Canterlot!” Luna whined.“Not right now Luna. I’m not in the mood.”WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE me WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE upWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP W never WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP i KE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPtell UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE happens UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP what UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE if WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP wake UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW͈A͌K͈E̐ UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW͔A͓K͕E̓ UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW͔A̐K͎E̔ UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW͐A̓K͔E̒ UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW̚A̗KͅE̙ UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW̏A̙K͒E̘ UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW̏AK̒E̔ UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW͐AKȆ UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW͏AKE̗ UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW͎AKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWͅAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW̎AKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW͚AKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW͏AKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW͎AKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWͅAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW̏AKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPWͅAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW͍AKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPW̍AKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UPThe four of you all sat within the royal dining hall, Celestia and Luna at either head of the table, with you and Atlas sitting opposite each other in the middle. Watching ponies sit was such a weird thing, but you really weren’t too worried about that. What worried you more was the fact that you were eating oatmeal and you actually enjoyed it. The simple pleasures of life always seemed to come to you at the strangest times, and now was no exception. You caught yourself questioning your sanity when you realized that the subtle notes of vanilla and, of all things, lavender made you momentarily forget the degree to which you were willing to forgive, or even commit, great atrocity in the quest for animal meat.“I trust you all slept well” Celestia asked, smiling softly at you. Of course you slept well. You could swim laps in the oversized bed you’d found yourself in. Of course spending a night without Em was now unusual, but you two had decided that would be too large a risk at this point.“Yes, your Highness.” Atlas agreed, “We are immensely grateful for the truly magnificent accommodations.”“Yeah. Beats everything in Ponyville except the innkeeper,” you add, “I can’t seem to mess with your maids as easily as I could embarrass Cornflower. They’re way too serious!”“We shall fire them all at once!” Luna exclaimed.“Whoa, that’s not necessary,” Atlas cautioned, “right Anon?”“Yeah, I just expected a bit more shock when they walked in on me with my dick rock hard,” you admitted, “But no, it was just a polite apology and they disappeared! They didn’t even respond when I propositioned them! I was hoping for at least a gasp of surprise or maybe an eventual look of curiosity!”“In all my years, I don’t think I’ve ever heard anypony complain about the absence of unprofessional behavior,” Celestia laughed, “But I believe our staff have acted in accordance with their training and expectations, don’t you Luna?”She simply nodded as Atlas, as per usual, looked at you with disgust.“But no,” you redirected, “It really beats sharing a tiny room with Atlas. He takes up all the bed, hogs the covers, and snores like a log!”“Atlas, you shared your bed with Anon?” Luna asked, cocking her head.“Wait no! Hold on. Never mind! I slept on the floor! I take it back!”“How unorthodox!” Luna giggled, “It is not every day that you would see two stallions lay with one another.”“Wait! I didn’t…” you tried, “We didn’t sleep together if that’s what you’re thinking.”“We did share the bed,” Atlas said. Fuck him for throwing you under the bus, “But I have not lain with him. Our arrangement was simply an exercise in frugality. The bed was sizable and more than large enough for both of us. Although, Anon, you never brought those complaints to me. I would have been more mindful of my accommodations.” Okay, nevermind then. Bro status reinstated.“Yeah…” you agreed, “Atlas asked if I wanted a separate room, but I still don’t understand how money works here so I didn’t want to break the bank. Um, you guys have banks right?”“Well I applaud your resourcefulness, Atlas. You’ve always been one to go above and beyond, and this is no exception to what I’ve come to expect from you.” Celestia applauded, something more than just kindness in her voice. You chewed on what it was that you were hearing, while you also continued to munch on your breakfast, just as confused by her behavior as you were by your newfound herbivorous tendencies.“So shall we discuss that which is planned for Anon’s visit?” Luna asked, turned towards Celestia.“I suppose that we should.” Celestia acquiesced, “Unfortunately, as it would appear, Luna and I will be quite busy today. We hoped that we could earmark today to introduce you to the royal court and then provide you with a tour of Canterlot. However, other matters beleaguer the court today and we shall both be quite busy in ensuring that we address today’s concerns, and free up time for our ambitions for the next several days.”“It’s cool,” you sigh, “I guess hanging out with two princesses all day was probably a bit much to hope for.”“Anon! ‘Twas not our intention to leave you to your own devices. But the needs of the empire prevail, and while you will be here tomorrow, the threat of Changeling activity within our borders must not.”“Wait, what’s this about Changelings?” you ask, “I keep hearing about them, but I don’t understand why they’re so frightening.”“Changelings are the antithesis of all that we stand for,” Celestia began, her eyes distant, “They take that which is not theirs, pervert the beauty of love by consuming it, and their continued actions undermine the sovereignty of Equestria. They have no concept of diplomacy, and would take the throne only to burn it to the ground. They are a disease, Anon, one that must be cured.”“Hold on here… You’re planning to eradicate them?” you ask, “An entire species just because you don’t agree with their ideology?”“Anon, stop.” Atlas called, except you weren’t sure those words were his.“No, this shit’s fucked up! My world’s darkest moments all center around one man who used the same concepts to justify unspeakable evils.”“We don’t mean to eradicate them,” Celestia tried to correct, “Only to defend our soil from them. They are not our concern outside our borders.”“Wouldn’t they starve out then?”“Like I said, that would not be our concern.”“Fuck,” you sighed, trying to balance the morality on a topic where you were woefully uninformed.“Anyway, as for today’s activities… Atlas,” Celestia asked, “Do you think you would be able to show Anon around the city?”“Yes, your Highness! What would you like me to show him?”“I trust your judgment, Atlas. You’ve always been exceptionally good at knowing your way around.”“Thank you.”“No, Atlas,” Celestia corrected, “Thank you. I know you’ll give Anon a wholesome introduction to our wonderful city. We shall plan to reconvene tomorrow at the same time.”Canterlot was so much larger than Ponyville. The cobblestone streets and more pristine architecture gave it a distinctly emotionless feeling. That didn’t really surprise you though. It was just like the metropolises of your world, a city for business, too fast for emotions or feelings to matter. Nonetheless, you were in awe of the sheer breadth of everything. From the towering castle that took fifteen minutes to traverse to the radial layout of streets that seemed to, just like your world, have been outgrown and outmoded. Something kept coming back to your mind, and the coldness of the city around you did not help.You had been walking for several hours, Atlas calling out all kinds of absurd trivia and talking at length about each shop, restaurant, museum, or other attraction you passed by. It was ultimately overwhelming, but you tried your best to listen, not because you expected to ever need this knowledge, but because Atlas was so engrossed in it. Eventually you started to break from the main thoroughfares on to quieter streets that gave Atlas less to talk about and opened up a great amount of dead air for you to pollute. So you did.“I don’t know how I feel about all this Changeling stuff, Atlas,” you said out of nowhere, breaking a solid silence that had really been wearing on you. “Anon, we really shouldn’t be talking about this.” Atlas chided as he kept on walking.“No, Atlas. I’m serious about this. And not just because…” you paused, “You know I’m never serious, but I’ve seen this play out before. I don’t want the same poor judgment to become history here.”“You know, if you saw this from the pony side, I think you’d agree with them.” Atlas said.“Em!” you whispered in disbelief, “You can’t be serious?”“Changelings have a long and storied history of causing great harm to many societies. Changelings have killed hundreds if not thousands of ponies both in defense of their station and as a result of their primary function of extracting love. Why would any sane leader allow such a threat to survive? Simply exiling them from sovereign lands is what many would consider a foolishly gracious endeavor.”“There has to be a better way!” you declare, “Killing an entire race because-”“I admire your ambition, Anon,” Atlas began, rounding the corner onto a smaller street, “But this is bigger than you, bigger than me. This is bigger even than the princesses, but yet they find themselves bearing this weight.”“I don’t see why this can’t be solved peacefully.”“You heard Celestia, Changelings aren’t interested in diplomacy. All it’s ever gotten us-” Atlas stuttered, “All it’s ever gotten them are lies and empty promises.”“That doesn’t sound like diplomacy then.”“So believe the Changelings, but even if there were an accord to settle this, there’s no way there’s enough love to sustain both ponies and Changelings.”“Love is infinite, Atlas! You don’t just run out of it after you love something. No, when you love something it multiplies, it grows, it keeps going. And when someone loves you back…” you trail off.“Nopony would ever truly love a Changeling!” Atlas spat, staring at you as if you had delivered him the greatest offense of his life.“Why not?” you ask, “I’m falling for one.”Atlas pulled you quickly off into a narrow corridor between two buildings, pinning you up against the wall and rising on his hindlegs to get as close to your stature as possible. His lips were curled in a vicious snarl.“No you’re not.” Atlas growled, except it wasn’t Atlas’s voice that came out. “Don’t say that. You’re only lying to yourself if you honestly believe that.”“Em,” you calm, staring softly down at Atlas, “I’ve spent my entire life lying to myself. This isn’t that. Whatever you say, I know how I feel.”“You’re only hurting yourself, Anon. This is what Changelings do! They convince you that you love whatever disguise they’re wearing, they feed on you. Except you’re so weak willed I didn’t even need a disguise!”“Em, thats not true-”“It is, Anon. You’re a meal to me. I’d leave you the second you stop feeding me.”“No you wouldn’t,” you countered, sure of yourself.“Fine, leave. See if I follow you!” her voice called out, as Atlas let go of you.“I’m not going to do that,” you declared. Atlas’s eyes widened.“I can’t love you back, Anon. It’ll always feel like it, you’ll always believe it’s real, but it’s not. I’ll always be keeping every ounce of love for myself.”“I don’t think that’s true either. To love someone doesn’t strip you of love, it produces it.”“For you maybe, but Changelings can’t produce love! Do you think we’d be where we were if we could generate our own love?”“I think you just need to learn how.”“It could never happen! It’s not possible!”“Just like nobody would ever truly love a Changeling?”“That’s not a thing either! You’re deluding yourself.”“Well there’s only way to find out. I’ll make you a deal. I’ll keep feeding you, loving you, keeping your secret safe if you promise you’ll try to open your mind to the possibility of love.”“You can’t-” came her voice, “I can’t…”“I thought you wanted to be the best Changeling there is! You learn how to produce love and you’d be a hero.”“You’re right. I owe it to the hive to at least try.”“Then c’mon… and change into a mare real quick. I’m taking you on a date,” you commanded, “Um… but you gotta pay. You know, broke and all.”A figure, black as tar, moved in the distance, alighting quickly and disappearing in the sky against the backdrop of a setting sun.“Emerald, huh?” you asked, looking to the mare next to you. “Figured you would have done something more, I dunno, inspired.”“Anon! You asked me to create a new disguise in an alley. I didn’t exactly have time to meditate on the concept.”“Fine, it’s…” you pause, looking over the newly minted form of Emerald Jewel, a vibrant green unicorn with rich yellow eyes and a darker green mane and tail. “It doesn’t matter what you look like, Em. Wait… shit, I can still call you Em like this! I take it all back. And uh… thanks for keeping the voice.”“I know you like it,” she hinted, “you always perk up when I talk.”“It’s almost like I like you or something,” you deadpan, bursting moments later into a wicked grin.“You’re still an idiot.”“Yeah, but I’m your idiot. And you’re not getting rid of me until you don’t want to anymore.”“I still don’t understand why you’re so obsessed with me,” she admitted, starting a slow waltz down the avenue.“Do you really want to know?”“I'm not sure. Tell me anyway.”“Way I see it there’s three reasons I like you. The first is that you’re a freaky sex maniac, and that kinda thing is right up my alley. The second is that you’ve been there for me this whole time, even if you keep saying it’s for selfish reasons. And the third reason,” you pause, “the third reason hits closer to home.”“And what is that?”“You remind me of me.”“I remind you of yourself? I knew you were self-centered, but that’s a laugh.”“No, Em. Not in a good way. We’re both broken, both outcasts. We both hurt.”“Hive, you really know how to bring down the room, don’t you.”“I uh…” you pause, “You told me you wanted me to tell you.”“You’re right. But I’m not sure if that makes more or less sense than when I didn’t know.”“It’s not supposed to make sense, Em. Love hardly ever does,” man you felt weird, you weren’t normally a romantic kinda guy, but there was something about this tiny bughorse that just kept eating at you. Maybe it was some deranged kind of hero complex, maybe it was your dick talking, maybe she was right and it was all fake. No, fuck that, you know what’s real and what’s not. Whatever it was, it didn’t matter. You knew what you felt, and she would understand eventually.“Oh, we’re almost here, Anon!” she called, focusing on an ornate stone-block building right on the corner of the next block.“Where is here again?” you ask, having forgotten the name of the restaurant.“This,” she waved with a hoof, “is Le Château du Cheval. One of the most prominent restaurants in all of Canterlot.”“Jeez, I feel like I can barely afford to say the name of the place. It’s fucking perfect, Em. Let’s go,” you prodded, picking up your pace just a bit. You rounded the corner onto the busy street where the entrance was, and made your way up a few steps and through the towering wooden doors.“Welcome to Le Château du Cheval, my name is Perchance and I would be happy to help you tonight,” came the voice of a beaming white unicorn stallion with a fiery red mane.“Great, do you perchance have a table for two?” you snickered.“Do you perchance have a reservation?” he derided, you could tell that joke was beyond old to him.“Uh… Nope.”“Well, sir. I’m afraid we’re all booked for the evening.”“Dude, I can see behind you. The place is fucking empty.”“Sir I’m afraid a reservation is required. You might consider a more appropriate venue. There is a fast-food shack not but three blocks from here.”“Did you just?” you asked, a fury building inside of you, “Em, did he just? You know what, fuck this. This morning I ate breakfast with the fucking princesses, I don’t have to deal with this. And when I shit that out, it’ll still taste better than whatever shit you serve back there. C’mon Em, we’re leaving”“Have a fine rest of your evening sir, madam.”You stormed back down the steps and mindlessly headed in the direction of the hayburger joint, your date in tow.“Anon, that was embarrassing!” Em called.“He fucking turned us away! And I don’t think for a second it had anything to do with a reservation.”“Even so, acting like that was-”“Em, he insulted us. He decided we weren’t worthy to eat there because, I don’t know, the way I talk, the way we’re dressed,” you vent, “We deserve better than that… you deserve better than that. I just wanted to take you on a nice date, but I can’t take you on a date, I can’t get us into a restaurant, and now I’m fucking mad over some shitbag with an ego bigger than his dick.”“Anon, you never had to take me on a date. This is all pointless anyway.”“No, Em. It’s not fucking pointless,” you yell, “I fucking like you okay? I know you don’t get that, I know you’re only thinking the worst, but I know this is real. But evidently even here I can’t go on a fucking date without screwing shit up.”“Does this really mean that much to you?”“You!” you pause, turning to her, “You mean that much to me. Em, you’re all I’ve got here, my only real friend, the one thing I understand in this completely upside down world that baffles me at every turn. And now I have feelings for you and just like every other relationship in my life I manage to shit all over it.”“You were right, you know.”“Right? Right about what?”“We are a lot alike. If what you said is true, it seems like we’re both disadvantaged when it comes to matters of the heart.”“I don’t want to be,” you respond, “Do you?”“I-” she stammered, looking down at her hooves, “That’s not my choice.”“Of course it’s your choice!” you start, dropping to a whisper, “You’re a fucking Changeling! You can be whatever you want!”“Not this. I can’t be what you want.”“Who says, huh?” you ask, “Some angry ponies that just want to see you cease to exist? Your hive that, from your accounts, is clinging to life by a thread? Don’t let anyone define you, Em.”“Anon, that’s-”“No, Em. I don’t care what anyone thinks, what anyone says. I know that somewhere deep inside of you is the ability to love. I think you know that too. That’s why you’re trying to ward me off. You’re not scared that I’m falling for you, you’re scared that I might be right - that you might one day fall for me.”“Stop!” she cried, a tear rolling down the jade fur of her cheek, “You’re wrong! There’s no love of my own inside me, Anon. I’m a container, a vessel. There’s no part of me that isn’t designed to consume the very feeling I’ve seeded in your mind.”“I refuse to believe that you’re incapable of love, Em. There’s got to be some part of you that wants this, because the alternative hurts too much.”“What’s the alternative?”“That maybe I’m incapable of true love too.”“Anon…” she hesitated, not really sure what to do with that. They never were.“You know what, can we maybe just drop it for now. I don’t want to argue with you anymore.”“Okay, Anon. I’m sorry.”“No, Em. Don’t be. We shouldn’t ever apologize for being real with each other. Now let’s go grab that burger…”Your short trip to the burger joint felt so much longer than it actually was. Despite what you said, you couldn’t drop it. You didn’t understand this world, these ponies, Em. The whole political landscape, a brewing war, a heart that couldn’t be won. What if she was right? You certainly didn’t understand how magic worked, but from what you could tell even the most magically advanced ponies couldn’t even detect that she was a Changeling; how then could you hope to know if what you were feeling was real or just a disguise. But that meant considering the other possibility, that it wasn’t her disguise that gave rise to your feelings. No, more probable yet was the chance that you were the author of your own false emotion, that your brewing love for this Changeling was just a ruse, and you were lying to her as much as yourself. Fuck.“Sir, your order?” came a voice, “Sir can ya’ hear me?”“Anon” Em nudged, shaking you finally from your thoughts.“Uh… Shit, I’ll have whatever she got.”“That’s two haystack fries, two Dodge Ranch burgers, and two vanilla milkshakes, coming right up. Go ahead and find a seat and we’ll bring it right out to ya’,” came the voice of the young stallion at the register, his accent both strange for this world and familiar to yours.“Uh… Thanks,” you said as your date slipped a few bits over the counter to the cashier. You walked away, still a bit dazed, and grabbed a seat at the nearest table. Em followed closely behind, hopping into the seat across from you. “Sorry about that… Uh, got a lot on my mind.”“Must be hard for you,” Em joked, “Thinking with something other than your dick for once.”“Ouch!” you reply, quickly back in a better mood, “Your words wound me, Emerald Jewel!”“…which is surprising, normally it’s hard for me. Pervert.”“Em! There could be foals around!” you giggle, looking around to the completely empty restaurant, “Uh… guess not.”A young unicorn mare caught your glance as she levitated over your food, simply nodding at you and your date as the trays softly landed on your table.“Shit, this actually looks good!” you said, staring at the enormous pile of breaded and fried onions, something that actually resembled a real burger, and a tall milkshake. All of the sudden shit didn’t feel so serious anymore, “To say something completely uncharacteristic, maybe I don’t need to relentlessly gorge myself on meat after all.”“I’m sure you’re going to get your meat some other way…”You did a double-take, “Em, was that a gay joke? You’re learning so fast!”“Don’t remind me. I already have enough of you inside me.”“Fuck, you keep saying shit like that and I’ll bend you right over this table and put a little more of me inside of you.”“You wouldn’t dare.”“You’re right,” you chuckle, “I doubt they’d let us go more than a minute before they called the cops. Or joined in… And, uh, I’m not sure that mare was of age.”“That hasn’t stopped you before,” she quipped.“Okay, come on. That was one time and it didn’t even count!” you whispered.“Oh you know that’s not true. The only thing that couldn’t count after that was me.”“I’m so conflicted right now! On one hand I’m so turned on right now, but on the other it’s because you’re taking the shit out on me.”“I know which one wins out, pervert.”“Then you better finish your burger quickly,” you suggest, biting off a large chunk of your own, “cause when it finally does win out, I’m going to take you right then and there. And I know you’d rather be choking on my meat cannon than that pile of disappointment anyday.”“Teleport back to the castle?” she asked, fidgeting in her seat. Shit, she was as turned on as you were!“Eh, on second thought,” you paused, stroking your chin, “I’m thinking I might just want to go straight to sleep.”“Anon!” she squealed, her face beet red.“Fine, Em… Let’s go.”“I still think this is a futile exercise, but nonetheless,” Em looked away, blushing even more, “thank you for trying. It feels… different.”Poof.“Anon!, We’re so glad you could join us,” Luna cheered, almost skipping down the corridor alongside you, “It is such a shame that Celestia won’t be able to meet us, but if we are to be honest, she harbors not the curiosity that we do.”“Well, what are you curious about? I’m an open book!” you ask, following her unflinchingly into the depths of the castle.“There are so many things, but please,” she prompted, “Let us wait until we’re both somewhere more comfortable before we engage in stimulating discourse.”“Do you always talk like that?”“What dost thou mean?”“The old timey shit, you know with the we’s and the thou’s.”“We were imprisoned on a moon for a millennium! ‘Tis not easy to catch up with a thousand years change in the vernacular.”“That sounds like an interesting story… Can we talk about that too?” you ask,“We would prefer not. It still is a subject of great anguish for us,” she said, looking to the ground as she mumbled something to herself, “Although, to not have heard the tale of Nightmare Moon… may it be that thy perception remains unblemished by our past?”“What was that? Couldn’t hear you.”“Nothing, ‘twas simply a musing of our own. Nothing you need concern yourself over.”“Okay, uh…” you trailed off, not quite sure what was up, “Hey, are we almost there? I mean I know this castle is huge and all but this has been a fucking long ass time.”“Dear Anon, my chambers are in the lowest levels of the castle, where the light ventures not of its own accord.”“So you live in a basement? Neat!”“Anon, ‘tis much more than a basement. Although there are those times where it feels as if we are similarly forgotten in these reaches, as would an item left to lie in storage for too long.”“Right… Not just a basement. I’ve used that one before too. Didn’t end up getting laid that night.”“Oh, were you hoping that you might, as the youth say, get lucky down here?”“Uh, well… Not really, I mean who would I even… It’s just the two of us.”“With whom? Dost thou truly not see the endless possibilities in thy view?”“No, uh… Unless you’re seeing someone I’m not.”“There is not one in this castle that would cater to your every desire, bend to your every whim, become whatever it is that you would desire?”Fuck. How did she know? “Uh… Nope… just you, Celestia, and Atlas…”“Oh… So within that group there exists not somepony with which you may be enamored?”“Nope, just two princesses and an Atlas.”“Well, ‘Tis a shame… We thought for certain that, given your past activities, your interests could be handily presumed.”“Nope, uh… definitely no one here that turns my crank, or cranks my shaft or… whatever.”“Are we not good enough, then?” Luna asked, her expression turning.“Wait, you’re not talking about-”“Tell us, Anon…” she interrupted, “How is it that you would mate Twilight Sparkle even upon her estrus, but you would not consider the affections of a more regal mare?”“Oh jeez…” you sigh. You totally misread her line of questioning there, “Luna you’re not actually asking me if…”“And if we were? Would thou not consider?”“Shit, I didn’t think…” you hesitate, “You know how mad Celestia got when I fucked her student. Imagine if I, uh, you know, with her sister…”“Celestia is not our keeper! She no longer gets to decide when and with whom we get to associate! For a thousand years our fields lay barren, much like the moon upon which we were exiled. Now upon our return we find that there still exists a drought, but instead one of the mind! No pony dares approach us with their affection for fear of the mare we were.”“Fuck, I’m sorry… I just don’t… You’re a princess, and I’m just a dude with a really big dick.”“Why must station always come upon these discussions? Are we not, underneath this regalia, a mare with needs?”“Atlas would kill me…” you offer, trying anything to defray the offense you’ve imparted.“What has he to do with this? You are not enamored with him, you have asserted most vocally that such is not the case.”“I trust his judgment, and I know what he would say here.”“Fine, we respect your decision, albeit sorrowfully. Nonetheless will thou join us still for conversation? There are still myriad topics upon which we hope you can sate our curiosity.”“No funny business? No tying me up and forcing me to fuck you? Cause Atlas would still find a way to blame me for that.”“You have our word. We shall not make undue advances toward you. Despite our assuredly most powerful desires,” she conditioned, drawing upon two delicately engraved wooden doors that were at least twice your height. “Now then, here we are…”Luna pushed open the doors to reveal a dark, spacious room. It was lit only sparingly by soft candlelight, the majority of the room shrouded in just enough darkness. What you could see of it made you sure that the primary function of this room was to be Luna’s bedchamber, with a four-poster bed large enough to fit ten of you, casual seating for at least five, and various other accouterments like dressers, bookshelves, and a large desk dotting the perimeter. As she walked inside, you felt yourself drawn in as well, marveling at the fact that, despite the dim, eerie lighting, it still felt warm and inviting.“What do you think? We so seldom have a chance to entertain guests. You have seen what so many other ponies could only begin to fathom.”“It’s very impressive,” you agree, hoping not to further offend her, “It is an honor.”“Well then, would you like the honor of giving a Princess a back massage? It is something that we cannot do with our hooves alone, and even something difficult to master with magic. All this running about has done no kindness to our muscles.“I guess I can…”“Great! Simply do as you will, and we can converse while you are occupied.”You join Luna as she sits fully upon a nearby chaise lounge. Cautiously, your hands play along the soft fur of her back, and tangle in the ethereal nothingness of her mane.“One curiosity we have is regarding your great interest in the fate of the Changelings…” Luna started, “It is interesting that you should take up the crusade for a species you haven’t known.”“I uh…” you stammered, “Guess it all sounds so wrong in the abstract. I mean think of it from my perspective. You’ve just crashed into the middle of an alien world, and the first conflict you hear of is that of the dominant species conspiring to eliminate an entire race that stands in its way. It’s kind of jarring, especially given the otherwise sunshine-and-rainbows shit that goes on here.”“When you put it as simply as that, yes. It does sound rather harsh. However that is ignorant of the vast majority of the concern. At issue is not whether we wish to eliminate a race that stands upon equal footing, but if we should let this lesser species, which is openly parasitic both in action and in ambition, continue to prosper upon the backs of our citizens.”“That’s exactly the rhetoric that was used to justify the persecution of hundreds of thousands of people in my world.”“We are not killing them, Anon.”“That’s what they said at first too, when they started rounding them all up. Then it just became the logical next step when the camps started filling up.”“Why should it be our duty to see to the wellbeing of that which would hope to destroy us?”“Are you sure they would? Have you earnestly tried for a peaceful resolution? Have you even met a Changeling?”“Have you?” Luna asked, turning her neck and interrupting your gentle kneading of her back.“Of course not!” you counter, maybe a bit too quickly. “I mean how could I?”“That’s right. How could you meet one? Or rather, how would you be standing here if you had?”“What do you mean?”“Seldom, outside of bloody wars and dangerous diplomatic endeavors, has anypony been known to meet a Changeling and live. They devour love until there is none left to be given. A pony cannot survive after that.”“Couldn’t they be taught to, I don’t know, share? It’s not like love is finite.”“Anon, they don’t earn this love, they take it. There exists only so much love to be taken, even if there is no limit on what can be given freely”“Then why can’t it be given to them?” you ask, kneading her back more sharply.“Because, Anon. True love requires reciprocity. It is something that blossoms only in soil tended to by that selfsame thing. No matter our highest hopes, Changelings can’t produce love. Do you think they’d be reliant upon us if they could generate their own sustenance?”“What if there was hope? What if they could produce love?”“’Tis not possible. They are but a container, a vessel. There is no part of them that isn’t designed to consume love. ”“What if that’s not true? Would you still hunt them if they could learn to change, not just in a fleeting sense, but as a whole?”“Sh- …They can’t be what you want, Anon. Despite how bright and positive our world often is, underneath all of that are dark secrets that we carry with us unto the grave. This is one of those, and no matter your desires, the course is set. Changelings are a vestige of horrors that must not come to bear.”“You know what, this is some real fucking shit.”“Anon!” she gasped.“Anon, you’ve got to be kidding me…” Atlas snapped, only being able to make out your hunched figure over Luna’s due to the darkness.“Hold on wait! This isn’t what it looks like!” you called.“I thought you’d learned your lesson after last time!”“Hey! Atlas, chill. My pants are still fucking on, alright?”“Then what in Tartarus are you doing?”“Um… uh… Back massage?”“Then why does Princess Luna look as though she’s gotten more than her back massaged?” Atlas questioned, eyebrow raised. You looked at the pony in front of you and realized that she looked quite pleased.“Luna?” you ask,“Hmm… Yes Anon?”“Are you… Are you okay?”“Oh yes, Anon… We are so much more than just okay.”“Shit…” you realize, turning to Atlas, “Atlas did she…”“Mhmm…”“Just from a back massage?”“It would appear that way, if you are to be believed.”“LUNA WHAT THE FUCK. DID YOU JUST FUCKING CUM FROM A BACK MASSAGE?”“One thousand years, Anon… And in the thousand before that not a thing compared…”“Fuck… Atlas you’ve gotta believe me on this one. I didn’t mean to!”“You just made a princess cum for the first time in a thousand years. I hope you’re ready for the consequences of your actions…”“Atlas, hold on! It’s not my fault…”“Oh, I wouldn’t be apologizing to me if I were you. You may have awakened the only creature more libidinous than yourself.”“Anon…” Luna moaned, “more!”“Atlas, quick… Before she realizes you’re here. Go, run as fast as you can, go find Celestia. It’s too late for me, but you can save the rest of the castle, no, the rest of the world!”“Where do you get these things from?” Atlas asks. “Now come on. We’re going to see the court. And Princess?”“Hmm?” she sighs dreamily.“When you’re feeling yourself, you should join us. We’ll be there when you’re ready.”“Oh, leaving so soon? But the night is not yet upon us…”“Goodbye Princess Luna,” Atlas closed as he ushered you out of her room.“Thank you, Anon…” Celestia addressed you, “What you had to say about your world, and your willingness to answer our questions was quite informative. And with that, everypony, court is finished for the day. We shall reconvene tomorrow to assess the continued relevancy of the Changeling threat, and determine our actions. With that, I bid you all a good evening.”The dozens of other ponies that filled the room filed out as you remained standing awkwardly next to the two ornate thrones that made up the focal point of the room. Just as the last of the ponies were filtering out, and you were preparing to step down from the dais, there was a commotion near the entrance that caught your attention. Suddenly, the wave of ponies leaving parted as a familiar face galloped through the door. As she entered, she slammed the wide metal doors of the throne room shut behind her, leaving only the four of you.“Sister!” Luna screamed, “We have an important matter to discuss!”“Calm down Luna, the court has already left for today. Whatever your concern, it must wait until tomorrow.”“Tia! What we’ve discovered, ‘tis not a matter for the court. This is something we must handle directly.”“What could be so important that-”“Anon has withheld a secret from us!” Luna revealed, “And we have reason to believe Atlas is involved as well!”“What?” Atlas panicked.“Oh shit!” you cringed.“Anon! Is this true?” Celestia asked, a look of shock decorating her face.“I have no idea what you’re talking about!” you deny, holding up your hands defensively.“You would lie in front of a princess?” Luna asked in shock, “Well, no matter. For we have firsthoof proof of the secrets he conceals. This is your last chance to come clean, Anon!”“It’s true,” you start, hanging your head as Atlas warily watches you, “This entire time I’ve been-”“That’s right!” Luna interrupted, “This entire time you’ve been a deity of the carnal arts! Sister, look upon what he hath done unto me with only the laying on of his hands!” she finished, turning to face away from the three of you and flagging her tail. Atlas’s eyes shot wide and his head snapped to attention. Celestia cocked her head to the side, a look of confusion spreading across her features.“That’s uh…” you try, nodding towards the damp, matted fur under Luna’s tail “not my fault?”“Blasphemy! While we were within my chambers you were able to bring us to orgasm with only the use of your delightful fingers.”“Anon,” Celestia turned to you, “What my sister is saying… Did you do as she claims?”“It’s not what it looks like! I had no idea that-” All of the sudden the temperature in the room doubled, and you suddenly found yourself on the ground with the wind knocked from your lungs. On top of you was a glowing white figure with a mane of actual fire.“You would dare besmirch the crown by fucking my sister?” Celestia snarled. Shit, where did all those pointy teeth come from.“Sister, no!” Luna exclaimed, tackling her solar counterpart off of you and onto her back, somehow not setting fire to the entire room in the process. “‘Twas our ambition that led Anon to pleasure us.”“You insolent little shit,” Celestia snapped, quickly rolling to pin Luna underneath her, “That you would deign to lay with such a creature is an insult to all of Equestria!”“Fuck, this might be the hottest thing I’ve ever seen,” you mutter, trying to get back to your feet, “…in more ways than one.”Hearing you pipe up seemed to refocus Celestia’s attention. She leapt from the upturned form of her sister and marched up so close to you that you had no choice but to back away for fear that you might spontaneously combust. Even though she didn’t quite come up to your stature, she was still quite intimidating.“You’re about to wish your fall from the sky was fatal,” she growled, “Because you’re going to spend the rest of eternity wishing you were dead.”“Princess! Stop!” came, of all ponies, Atlas’s voice. “He did not mate with your sister.”Suddenly the flames in her mane extinguished and she leaned away from you, giving you a moment to breathe.“It’s true!” Luna whimpered, having gotten back on all four hooves, “We were affected thusly by only a back massage, dear sister! Imagine the possibilities had he not refused our advances!”“Refused your advances?” Celestia inquired.“Yes, sister. It was so disappointing! First he claimed he was unwilling because we are a princess-”“Uh… You are, though,” you interject.“And then he denied us for fear of your wrath.”“As well he should,” Celestia said flatly, staring first at her sister with a scowl, and then at you with, what… vague approval?“But most hurtful of all, he turned down our advances upon the premise that Atlas would not have approved!”“He was right.” Atlas nodded, giving you that same look Celestia did.“It’s not fair!” Luna screamed, “For a thousand years we were exiled to the moon, and now that we return even yet fate conspires against our desires! We are the princess of the night. To be told off the carnal arts like some filly on her first heat - It’s embarrassing!”“Luna, you can’t just-” Celestia started.“I can do whatever I please!” Luna yelled back, stamping her hoof. Somehow hearing her use proper first person pronouns seemed to add an even further note of desperation.“You truly wish to do this, sister?” Celestia asked, concern tempering her voice.“We wish to be bedded like a real mare! We grow so weary of being treated as window decoration to your throne, sister.”“Then, Anon, if you wish to proceed, you have my permission.”“Wait, what?” you ask, your head whipping between Atlas, Luna, and Celestia in confusion, “Surely you’re not okay with this, Atlas.”“Who am I to deny a princess that which she desires?” Atlas resigned.“What say you then, Anon? Do you wish to see all that the night has to offer? We’ve been waiting for this moment for over a millennium, are you going to be the stallion to quench our thirst?”“Fuck it,” you shrug, “Let’s do this.”“Then let us retire again to our chambers, dear Anon,” Luna offered, beginning to light her horn.“Not so fast,” Celestia countered, “You shall stay here so that I can ensure that Anon treats you well.”“Sister!” Luna exclaims, “You wish to watch us be bred? How naughty! You truly must be curious about what you are missing!”“I have no such desire!” Celestia argued, blushing fiercely.“Holy fuck! Atlas are you seeing this shit?”“Yup. I wouldn’t believe it either if I weren’t seeing it with my own two eyes.”“I’m gonna fuck a princess!” you yell, theatrically ripping your clothes from your body. “Shit… Atlas, take a note. I’m gonna need more pants.”Luna flinched at your display, her hungry gaze immediately locking on to your stiffening meat. She shivered as your look upon her quickly turned into a predatory stare. You sauntered over to her.“My teachers always told me to shoot for the moon,” you joked, standing in front of the lusting princess, “But I don’t think they had this in mind.”All of the sudden a new feeling washed over you. Power, that’s what this was, your power. As you rounded Luna , you reached out and grabbed a tight fistful of her mane, not at all concerned on how you managed to secure a grip upon her ethereal locks. You stepped behind her, realizing you were only a foot away from the shallow steps down from the dais,  one of which would put you at the perfect height. With her mane held tight in one hand, and the other grabbing her around the midsection, you pulled her back so her inky black nethers sat exactly where you needed them. With her positioned just so, you took hold of your now all-but-erect member, laying the still unprecedented length of it across Luna’s back.“Watch this shit, Sunbutt,” you growled, drinking in the look of shocked arousal on the sun princess’s face, “I’m about to make your baby sister my bitch.”Both Luna and Celestia gasped at your statement, but neither acted to stop you in any way.“Alright splotches, what say I put a little more white on your ass? Turn that crescent into a full moon,” you tease, grabbing her tail and pulling upwards to straighten her shaky hind legs until she stood at just the right height. She shuddered, and you felt a new wetness splash forth from her. “Jesus fuck Luna, did you just fucking come already? Fuck, I’m gonna make up for those thousand years and then some.”You reared back and lined up your impossibly hard rod with her winking slit, reveling in the hitch in her breath from even the slightest contact. Finally after waiting just long enough that you were sure she couldn’t take a moment more, you thrust forward smoothly, gently entering her in one persistent motion.You weren’t prepared for what met you. Her insides molded around you, as if she could consciously control every sensation you were feeling. You groaned as your dick finally sank the last few inches into her.“You didn’t think you’d have the upper hand against a princess, did you?” Luna teased, looking smugly over her shoulder. Fuck, you weren’t expecting that.“Last count the score was two-nil in my favor. And I’m only getting started,” you shot right back.“So are we…” she called, pushing back into you as her marehood tightened like a vice. “You needn’t even move, we’ll take it from here.”“Oh you’d like that wouldn’t you, fuckin’ moonhorse,” you disagree, pulling back against her tightness, “I’m not going easy on you just cause you’ve got a trick or two up your sleeves.”She shuddered at the motion, again silenced by the power of your dick. Before she could even compose herself you shoved yourself right back in. Her hindlegs stamped as she instinctively widened her stance.“Looks like I’ve got a few tricks too,” you chuckle, pulling out once more “And best yet, unlike your pathetic stallions,” you pause again, holding briefly, “It’s gonna take me a while before I paint you white.”You slam back inside, immediately pulling back and getting into a rhythm. Just like Twilight, and Em before her, after the first few thrusts her eyes went wide.“I-Impossible!” she squeaked, teetering on the edge of her third orgasm of the day, this one much larger than the last.“I keep hearing that… Lemme know when you want me to stop doing it anyway.” That was all it took, she froze, stiffening as her pussy convulsed around your invading shaft. She never did come back down from that. After a moment’s hesitation, you just kept going. Her contractions drew stronger, and her breath more ragged, but she remained stiff as a board with only the occasional shudder rocking her entire form. You just kept going, the fervor of your union marked by wet squelches and slaps as your thighs met with her flanks.Finally, you felt yourself let loose the dam inside of you, your seed rushing forward in unbelievable volume. Within two spurts you had filled her to the brim, and your next several jets all found their way backward, leaking out and intermingling with the constant flow of her marecum. As your orgasm came to an end, you slumped over the dazed form of the princess below you, wrapping both arms around her underside.“Atlas, what the FUCK?” you screamed, staring at the orange pony as he was somehow hilted deep inside the only other princess in the room. Both he and Celestia looked up at you sheepishly. Damn, you didn’t know he had it in him.You shut the door behind you, following Atlas into your room.“Dude! Fuckin’ high five. Tag team princess fuckers for the win!” you held out your arm, waiting for Atlas to return the gesture. He didn’t so much as move. All you heard was a quiet sniffle. “Uh… Atlas? Mission control to Atlas? Come in? Do you copy?”He slowly turned around until you could see his tear stained cheeks and watery eyes.“Shit,” you sigh, “Atlas, what’s wrong? Do I need to put on pants?”A pale green fire slowly enveloped his body, lingering for far longer than usual. In his place stood his true form, but the tears still stayed.“What’s wrong, Anon? Really? You know exactly what’s wrong!” she yelled back at you.“Em, calm down. Where’s all this coming from?”“You ask me to love you, ask me to do the impossible for you, ask me to build a heart where there should be none, and then you rip it to pieces before it even stood a chance! Why do you have to stick your dick in every single pony you meet?”“You said it was okay! And last I remember you fucked somebody too!” you chided. Damn, that felt cold, even for you.“This is all a joke to you!” she cried, loosely punching at you with her hooves.“Em,” you stopped her, grabbing her hooves and pulling her into a standing embrace, “You’re not a joke to me. You’re the only real thing I have here.”“I’m the least real thing you have here! There’s nothing real about me!”“That’s just not true,” you disagree, still holding her tight as she struggled weakly against you.“Anon, my entire existence is a lie!”“Who are you mad at here, Em?” you asked, “Me or yourself?”“You, me, both? What does it matter?” she whined, “I’ll never be what you want… and I-”“You’re everything I’ve ever wanted,” you told her, stroking gently along her neck, “I’m sorry I’m not what you wanted.”“A-Anon?” she asked, looking back up at you, “I don’t get to want somepony. That’s not how this works.”“Sure you do,” you soothe, releasing your hold on her, “and if that’s me I promise I’ll try harder to make you happy.”“That’s not… What makes me happy is irrelevant. All that matters is what keeps me alive, what feeds the hive.”“Then why are you jealous?”“Because I’m weak!” she cried, turning away from you, “Because I’m not satisfied with the love you’ve already given me. Because I’m more than just hungry for once!”“It’s terrifying isn’t it? There’s a reason they call it falling in love.”“I’m not…”“Aren’t you?” you ask, “What are you feeling?”“That’s my point, Anon! I’m feeling things. Emotions are weakness. That’s why we feed on them, thats why ponies die without them. I can’t afford to feel.”“Em, that’s…”“Shitty, right? The universe has a dark sense of irony like that, and Changelings seem to be the butt of every joke.”“I’m not laughing,” you say, not quite sure what you mean. She paused at this as well, maybe she knew what you meant. “Tell me what you need, Em.”“I need y…” she trailed off, “Can you hold me again?”“Sure,” you answer, walking over to the bed, “C’mon, let’s get comfortable.”“Anon I don’t want-”“We don’t have to,” you finished plainly, hopping up onto the spacious bed.“Not yet at least,” she added, climbing up next to you.You laid back, propping yourself on your side. She approached you with trepidation, as if her world could shatter with any step. Once she stood even with you, she sat, then laid, then rolled on her side, facing away from you. You reached out and grabbed her, pulling her close. One hand came to rest on her chest, splayed out against the cold chitin between her forelegs. Your other arm wrapped around her midsection, coming to rest against the comparatively warmer area just below her ribs.“Just like that,” she said, breathing deeply as she wiggled into your hold, “I’ve never been held like this. Not in disguise, not as a nymph, never. Changelings don’t crave comfort in the same way ponies do.”“You keep talking about all these things you don’t need, but that doesn’t mean you can’t have them anyway.”“Doesn’t it? How do you know if any of this is real, if any of this will last.”“I don’t, which is why it means so much in the moment,” you explain. God you hope it will last.“If you’re not sure, why waste your love on this, on me?”“This,” you tighten your grip, “isn’t a waste. You’re not a waste. If this was all I got, it’d still be worth it.”“But you don’t get anything out of this. I understand being up for the sex, maybe I even understand why you’d want to go on a date, but what do you get out of this? What benefit does this have?”“Not everything is about getting something back, Em. I’m doing this because I’d rather be here, with you, than anywhere, anything else.”“Why?”“Because that’s what love is,” you guessed, “I like fucking you, I like yelling at pompous stallions in defense of your honor, but I love this.”“I can taste it,” she said, “Your love, I can taste it, but it doesn’t taste right. It’s… missing something.”“What do you mean?” you ask.“There’s more than usual but it…” she pauses, “It makes me feel empty.”“Empty how?”“Like no matter how full I get, there’ll always be a something missing.”“Something that blossoms only in soil tended to by that selfsame thing…” you mutter, quoting Luna.“Exactly!” she said, her brow furrowing as she rolled to face you, “But those aren’t your words, are they?”“No,” you admit, “It’s something Luna said to me today, talking about true love.”“You don’t mean to say…”“Do you think,” you paused, crossing your arms around her back, “…is that how it works?”“I don’t know…” she hesitated, “but if it is, how do I make it grow?”“Just like you’d grow anything else. Time, attention,” you think for a moment, “love.” You lean in and kiss Metamora on the lips, her eyes briefly fluttering, and then closing. You felt it, the fireworks that everyone always dreams about. You felt her too, as a feeling you could only describe as pink washed over you, wrapping you in a saccharine cocoon. You knew it came from her, but what was it? She eventually pulled back from the kiss staring at you with a fire in her eyes.“Anon, you incorrigible beast,” she giggled, “That love tasted much more like I remember. No surprise you couldn’t keep it down with your favorite Changeling rubbing all over you.”“Em, I’m not…” you pause, taking stock of the complete absence of activity between your legs, “I mean keep saying stuff like that though…”“Wait, you…” she paused, pulling away, “That wasn’t?” She inhaled deeply, looking at you as if you were suddenly some kind of terrifying monster. She leapt to all fours, creating a sizable distance between the two of you.“What’s wrong?”“That love…” she paused, “It wasn’t yours.”“Then whose was it?” you asked.“It was…” she hesitated, “It was mine.”“No shit! I knew you had it in you!”“That’s not what I…” she paused, “That wasn’t love I made, it was love I held. I fed you, the same way I’d feed love I’d gathered to another Changeling.”“But why would you…”“I didn’t mean to! It just happened!”“What does that mean, then?”“I don’t know. But I didn’t even notice it happening, which means it’s very dangerous. I could easily drain myself completely without even thinking!”“That sounds…”“Deadly,” she reiterated.“I don’t want…”“Hold on,” she shushed, coaxing you to roll on your back and then climbing on top of you. “Let me see if I can control it.” She lowered her form to meet yours, the cool hardness of her exoskeleton quickly betraying her inner warmth as she came in contact with you. She leaned in once more, brushing against your lips as her eyes closed. You closed yours too as you felt that same aura envelop you. It was the like the feeling you got when you saw an old friend after too long, or when you kissed your marefriend. Wait, marefriend? You opened your eyes at the realization and found that you could see the aura the two of you were encased in. Swirls of various hues of pink darted around the two of you, knitting a loose sphere that captured the both of you in the middle. Suddenly the bed felt softer, and the… was the ceiling getting closer?You broke the kiss, holding tightly to her. The swirls continued, only growing in number as they streaked around like comets. “Wow, Em… This is something else.”“It sure is,” she hummed dreamily, her eyes fluttering open to beam down pleasantly at yours. “This is what you’ve been feeding me. And this isn’t but a fraction of it.”“It’s beautiful,” you admired, “you’re beautiful.”“I… I” she started, a look of concentration forming on her face, “I l- lu-” she stuttered, the aura around you frenetic with energy now as each trail of pink sped around you faster and faster.“You don’t have to,” you said, squeezing her tight, “not yet.”“I-I… I’m sorry” she apologized, a tear running down her cheek.“Don’t be,” you calmed, “I’ll love you enough for both of us right now.”She just looked at you, but there was something new in her eyes.“I love you, Metamora.”She coughed, the pink orb around you suddenly starting to glow as the energy that made it turned from pink to white to a shimmering gold. The sphere became simultaneously brighter and smaller until you could only make out her dark silhouette against what felt like staring straight into the sun. She was breathing rapidly, her eyes distant and her form tense. Then as suddenly as it started, the sphere collapsed, seeming to shrink straight into Metamora’s chest.As you fell back to the bed, she slumped lifelessly against you.“Em, what was that?” you asked, astounded by the display.She didn’t stir in the slightest, her form slack against yours.“Em, hey, what’s going on?” you plead, shaking her franticly as she moved like a ragdoll atop you.You rolled her off of you and towards the edge of the bed as you jumped over her, landing on the floor just beside it. You violently shook her, “No no no no no, Em, wake the fuck up!” you screamed, “You can’t leave me now! Not after-”She gasped, eyes flying open as she tensed briefly.“What the hell was that?” you asked, half terrified, half relieved.She hesitated for a moment, not quite sure how to answer until finally she decided, “A seed.”“A seed?” you asked, her answer making absolutely no sense to you.“A seed,” she repeated, “The kind that grows…”“Em, you’re not saying…”“I don’t know,” she answered, “But I’m so very tired. Can we sleep now? Together?”“Of course,” you confirmed, sliding back onto the bed and peeling the covers out from underneath her. As you made yourself comfortable, she once again wiggled herself into a position next to you, content to be the little spoon once more. You reached out to hold her close, both hands drifting lower this time. She gasped softly before relaxing into your embrace. You drifted into a quiet, dreamless sleep, still holding your Changeling tight to your chest as if she would disappear the second you stopped.And with not a soul taking notice, the ear held to the door pulled away, its owner disappearing down the dark corridor of the castle, a soft smile on their face.“Good morning, sleepyhead,” you greeted, staring down at Metamora with a smirk on your face. “How you feeling, lovebug?”“Like I wanna go back to sleep. What time is it?”“Meh, sun’s been up for like three hours. That’s all I know.”She scrambled to her hooves, instantly completely awake.“And you didn’t think to wake me! What if someone came in? What if they saw me like this?”“Chill, Em… Nobody came in, it’s cool. I put up a sign.”“You put up a sign?”“Yeah,” you explained, “Warning, Atlas is being a lil’ bitch. Enter at your own risk.”“Like that would work!”“Well between that and what I said every time I heard footsteps…”“I don’t want to know.”“Oh Atlas,” you feigned, “Stop crying, it’s okay. You don’t have to cry just because your dick is small and you’ll never satisfy a mare.”“Hive, I can’t believe you.”“What I can’t believe is how small his dick is! I mean you called me small back before… but you had no right! Jeez, that fucking thing you pulled out of Celestia was embarrassing.”“It starts shrinking as soon as I…” she defended“What do you mean it starts shrinking? There’s barely anything to shrink.”“I don’t remember Princess Celestia complaining,” she quipped.“Yeah, that’s right. You fucked her so hard with your enormous dick that she turned into a fucking statue,” you started, “Oh wait… That was me. Poor Luna, I hope she's okay after that.”“Fuck you!”“Whenever you’d like. All you have to do is ask.”She simply hid her face in a pillow and screamed into it. "So, uh… What’s the plan for today anyway?” you ask, changing the subject.After a moment of silence, Metamora pulled back from her pillow and looked up at you.“Don’t be mad at me,” she plead.“Mad at you? For what?”“I need to gather information. Who knows how much longer we’re going to be in Canterlot. While we’re here, I need to find out how the ponies know, and what their plans are to deal with the Changelings.”“Oh my god, Em! You’re really gonna be doing spooky spybug shit?”“Anon, please don’t be mad!”“I’m so the opposite of mad right now. That shit sounds cool as fuck.”“Huh? So you’re not…”“Nah,” you answer, “but you gotta bring me with.”“What?”“Em, you gotta! This is like your real job, and I wanna see!” you beg, grabbing her and pulling her into your arms.“You’d get me caught in a heartbeat!”“What if I did… the opposite?”“Huh?”“Atlas, what are you doing staring at the detailed plans for our systematic destruction of a race we don’t agree with?” you mocked, imitating Celestia while motioning with one hand.“Hey Atlas, did you end up finding the spell to make my dick bigger yet?” You fake-replied to yourself in your own voice, motioning with the other hand.“That would never work.”“Dude it would totally work. Maybe she’d even know the spell!”“Anon, your dick is already enormous,” she complained, “Why would you want to make it bigger still?”“I won’t be satisfied until my dick is massive enough to begin experiencing relativistic effects.”“Hive, maybe that will work… It’s better than any cover I’ve got for being in the royal archives anyway.”“Plus it might lead to more steamy princess sex!”“How did I know it was going to go there?”“It’s always going there. And after yesterday you know Sunbutt wants what I’ve got.”“You still plan on fucking every pony you can, don’t you?”“Hey, I thought we were cool after last night.”“Can you just…” she paused, “At least fuck me first!”“Right now?” you asked enthusiastically.“No, not right now! I-” she considered, “We have work to do.”“Fuck yeah!” you yelled. Of course you would have been just as excited if she had agreed to instantaneous sex, but whatever. Plenty of time for that.“So uh…” you broke the silence with a whisper, “You think Em has time for a quickie?”“H-Here? Now?” Atlas asked.“I mean you gotta change back, but yeah.”“You want me to reveal myself as a Changeling in public?”“This is hardly public, Atlas. It’s the spooky restricted library, nobody’s even here.”“That’s not any better!”“C’mon!” you plead, “Change back!”“Anon!” Atlas admonished, “We’re in the middle of the royal archives. Anyone could walk in at any moment.”“I know. Isn’t it hot?”Atlas just stared at you. After a moment he sighed and transformed back. Fuckin’ score.“God yes, my dick is so hard right now,” you confirm. As the transformation finished you grabbed Metamora around the barrel and hoisted her up, setting her down on the table and rolling her onto her back.“Anon! What are you doing?” she yelled, squirming even after you set her down, your grasp still holding her in place.“Just relax,” you instruct, dropping to your knees between her legs, “Just lemme show you a good time.”“F-fuck, Anon… you’re not gonna…” she started, collecting her thoughts, “I thought this would be quick!”“How many times am I going to get the chance to do this, Em? Nah, I’m gonna make this shit last.”You traced one hand along her inner thigh, eliciting a rolling shudder as she reacted heavily to even the lightest of touches.“See, you want this too.”“S-shut up!”You did. With one hand you gently spread her upturned legs wider, the other still tracing along her thigh gently. Her breathing quickened as your other hand drew to rest near her quickly moistening marehood. You traced her slit from start to clit softly, making her squirm in an attempt to get more.“S-Stop teasing me!”“Oh no. I’m gonna get you so worked up you won’t be able to think straight for a week.”She looked at you more intently, shuddering as the thought took root in her mind. You drew a lone finger once more along the entire length of her slit, applying just the tiniest amount more pressure. With each stroke you pressed just a little bit harded until your finger was almost spreading her with each and every pass. Her clit was winking now every time you touched it, giving her that electric pleasure she craved for just the briefest of moments. She squirmed even more, trying in vain to get you to press inside of her. Silly Em, all she had to do was ask.“You want something?” you asked, looking to her blushing face. She nodded furiously but didn’t say a word. “You gotta tell me what you want, Em…”“Inside,” she wispered, “I want to feel your fingers inside.”“See, that wasn’t so hard, was it?” you teased, sinking not one but two fingers straight into her glistening pussy. She let out a soft moan as your fingers found their way all the way inside of her. You let them sink all the way into her before you curled your digits back towards you, applying firm but even pressure against her walls.“H-Hive, Anon… of all the times to be gentle with me…”“Oh we’re just getting started. I’m just getting you warmed up.” You chuckle, bringing your other hand to rub circles around her clit. At this she thrashed briefly against your embedded fingers, only managing to stimulate herself more. You fucking loved this shit. God, you’d never gotten a woman this worked up before, but it was so easy with Em. She was so much simpler than everything you’d experienced before. For a moment you just got lost in your motions, one hand thrusting and curling inside her, pressing on that spot she liked so much, the other rubbing on her clit which had stopped simply winking and was now just fully engorged. Before long you heard her breath quicken, culminating in a longer moan and a shudder that started in her legs but eventually grew to her entire body. You slowed your motions, first taking your finger from her clit and then slowly, meticulously withdrawing your now marecum-soaked hand.“Finally!” she whispered to herself, “Now fuck me!”“Oh, not quite. We’re only about halfway ready.”“What?” she squeaked, “Anon, I can’t take it! I need your dick, not your hands.”“How 'bout a compromise then,” you offer, “How about my mouth?”“You would…” she trailed off, “That’s not something that stallions…”“Em, I’m not one of your stallions,” you corrected, “And there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for or to you.”She just froze at that. You didn’t. You leaned in just a bit closer, craning your neck down to draw in close proximity to her primed marehood. You let out a breath, blowing against her flesh as she continued to shiver slightly. She let out a squeal at this, her breathing still rapid and irregular. “Holy fuck, I cannot believe how fucking hot you are right now.”She didn’t respond to that, but she didn’t need to. Neither one of you was in a position to talk now, her for one reason, and you for another. You leaned in that last inch or two and kissed gently against her enticing slit. After a brief moment, you let your tongue play gently along her slit, contemplating her taste that defied description. She groaned deeply as your tongue began a slow, predictable route. Just as you had before, you slowly dialed up the pressure, occasionally trying to pay attention to her clit but finding she was way too sensitive for that right now. Soon you found your tongue spearing her open, beginning to ache just the slightest bit from exertion. You kept at it for as long as you could, realizing that you had way less oral stamina than you would have hoped.When it eventually became too much, and you knew that you couldn’t keep it up long enough to make her cum with this strategy, you decided to mix it up once more. Bringing a hand back up, you shoved three fingers inside her, wriggling them aimlessly as your mouth moved slightly higher to encircle her clit with your lips. You kissed it gently, watching her occasional shudders turn into a more prominent twitch. Before long she was bucking against the table, her back arching as she did all she could to press into you just. a. bit. more. Right there. Suddenly she stopped completely, letting out a loud wail as she coated your face in her juices. She soon started shaking again, trying desperately to wriggle herself away from your lips, still intimately engaged with her hypersensitive bud. You pulled away, finally letting her relax against the now thoroughly disheveled papers on the table.“Wow, that was fuckin’ something else, Em,” you purred, “That was one hell of a warm-up. Are you ready for the real deal?”“Anon, if you don’t put your dick in me right fucking now I’m going to jump off this table, hold you down, and fuck you until your dick catches fire.”You frantically stood up, wanting what she asked as much as she did. With just the smallest amount of care you lined up your dick, which was hard enough to easily destroy a lesser mare. Then finally, after all that led up to this, you sunk slowly into her. You reached her limit quickly, leaving a quarter of your length unsheathed before you pulled back in order to find yourself a good rhythm. Both of you were so enamored and lost in the moment that the creaking of the heavy door went completely unnoticed until-“Anon,” Celestia, flanked by two royal guards, asked calmly, “why do you have your dick in a Changeling in the middle of the restricted section of the royal archives?”“Oh?” you pause, both in speaking and your motions, “You wanna join in?”She looked at you for a moment, a light blush spreading for the briefest of moments.“Guards!”Fuck.“What a surprise,” Celestia chuckled, “A Changeling in our midst, and looking at the war maps too. And Anon, now I have an honest reason to dislike you.”“Now let’s just relax and have a calm conversation about this,” you plead, eying the two guards that were closing in on you slowly, “There’s a perfectly sound explanation.”“Oh, we’ll be talking about this alright,” Celestia threatened as the guards only drew closer, “Once you’re both safely locked in the darkest dungeon I can find.”“I was thinking more, you know, casual conversation over a cup of tea,” you exposit, “maybe some scones, you know, maybe some hot steamy sex to make it all better.”“Apprehend them,” Celestia directed her guards, coaxing them forward once more.But they made the critical mistake of getting within striking distance. In one smooth and only slightly comedic motion you whipped yourself free of Metamora, turning fully to face the two guards to your left as you crouched down. You braced, leaning forward and tensing your legs. The guard now to your right, a pegasus, was currently closer to you so you focused on him first. You leapt forward, planting your shoulder under his head as you wrapped your arms around him and hefted him into the air, rising swiftly to a standing position again. Your momentum and his carried through as you tossed him over your shoulder, sending him careening through the air sideways. He instinctively stretched out his wings, but with just a few feet clearance from the ground and so much forward momentum, they were of no use to him. He hit the ground several feet past you, accompanied by what sounded like wood splintering and then a blood-curdling scream. You threw a quick glance over your shoulder, noticing one wing that… shouldn’t bend like that.You scowled as you turned your focus to the other guard, a unicorn. You weren’t going to give him the chance to get anywhere near you with that fucking death stick attached to his face. He started to back away slightly, realizing his comrade’s mistake, but it was already too late. Your foot had just enough reach to connect with his jaw, combining with his inertia to flip him over onto his back as his hooves flew to cover his face protectively. That left only one threat.“I knew you were trouble, you vulgar little ape!” Celestia screamed, a mixture of shock and anger.“Little?” you laughed, “There’s nothing little about me.”You grabbed Em, who appeared to have completely shut down at this point, and tucked her under one of your arms.“Don’t you fucking dare,” Celestia snarled, her horn starting to glow with a faint golden light.You fucking dared. As she leveled her horn with your chest, you broke into a sprint for the door, your path aiming you right towards her on your way. You drew closer as the light of her horn brightened, nearing what you expected was casting intensity. As you blew through the last few feet between you and the sun princess, you darted to your left, bringing it right around to check Celestia with the shoulder that didn’t bear a Changeling underneath. This sent her falling to her side exactly as her horn fired. The bolt of energy from her horn hit the ceiling and exploded into a blast of sparks. Evidently you managed to avoid it as nothing happened, but the three other occupants of the room, all in various states of not standing were caught in the magical fallout.A part of you worried about the effects of that spell, but your concerns were mitigated right as you were about to clear the doorway when the sound of heavy snoring met your ears. You darted into the corridor, taking a right into an empty hallway. You ran as fast as your feet would carry you, sprinting until you found an empty room with an open door. You ducked inside and slammed the door shut behind you, only laying down your live cargo once you were sure the room was devoid of others.“Em, we gotta get out of here now!” you yelled, trying to shake her from her stupor. “C’mon, now’s not the time to…” you stopped. She was snoring too. Fuck. Plan B. You looked around the room for an idea, any idea. You saw the drapes adorning the windows and inspiration struck. You ripped the curtains from the wall, moving to swaddle Metamora in them. All you needed to do now was nonchalantly find your way out of the castle before anyone found Celestia or they woke up.Catching your breath briefly, you lifted your now camouflaged Changeling, holding her like an infant in your arms. An especially large infant. An infant that you had shoved your… never mind, not the time to go there. You pulled the door just wide enough to glance into the hallway, making sure it was empty.Now which way was the way out? Well you certainly weren’t going back the way you came, so that meant heading further down this hallway.You hung a right and briskly walked down the hall, taking a left to a set of stairs. You felt pretty high right now, and not in a good way so… down. Down it was. One flight, it looked the exact same. Two flights, still the same. Three flights, the ceilings were taller on this floor. Off the stairs and now… to your left was a sunlit corridor, except it was full of ponies. So you hung a right toward the darker, more secluded side of the castle. The hallway wound for a bit, making your choices for you; left then right then left again, and now a dead end that led to stairs that only went up. Well, you couldn’t go back, not with the chance that you were being followed.Up the stairs you went, following them up the only floor they went. This hallway was lined with all manner of stockrooms, all with open doors. There was a brief jog to the right that looked like a dead end, and a longer hallway to the left that seemed more promising. So left it was. After a bit the hallway teed off, with a path to the left that led to a sunlit stairwell and a dead end just a bit further ahead. Sunlight meant outside, outside meant escape. You only had one true choice there, so you went for it. Except all of the sudden this hallway looked familiar. You’d been down this stairwell before. Shit, you knew there was nowhere you could go down the next floor, but the stairs did go down to another more dimly lit landing. Fuck it. This had to be a basement, but you’d probably already seen all of this when you were with Luna so you should be able to find your way.Forward, left, right, left, down, left, slight bend to the right, forward, left, spiral staircase, up, up, up, up, dead end. Fuck. You were seriously lost, and starting to get out of breath from carrying Em all this time. You set her down gently and noticed that she seemed to stir a bit within her tapestry cocoon.You unwrapped her and shook her gently. “Em, wake up!”Her eyes fluttered, but she didn’t wake.You shook a bit more violently.“Em! Come on, wake the fuck up you lazy bug!”“Huh, what? Where are we?” she asked groggily, “What’s going on?”“Em, let’s go. Snap to, we gotta get the fuck outta dodge.”“Oh shit. Anon, the princess-” she gulped, remembering the most recent series of events.“Don’t worry, I got us out of there. Now we just have to get out of the castle, and I… probably won’t be much help with that.”“How did you even get here?” she asked. “This is nowhere near the royal archives or any exit.”“I’m bad at directions, okay? Can you get us out of here or not.”“I can’t teleport us. Anywhere we teleport to, I’m sure they’d have a lock. They’re probably already looking for any Changeling magic. And I don’t have the energy.”“Wait you’re not full? After all of that?”“Maybe if you spent less time trying to be a fucking gentlecolt and more time pumping me full of your hot, thick seed,” she exploded. Man, you both were going to be backed up if you ever made it out of this.“I’m sorry I wanted to make it special for you!”“Ugh, whatever. Now is not the time. We have to go.”“Fine, then do you know the way out from here?”“Without being seen? It’ll be tough.”“Why cant’ we be seen? Can’t you just change back into Atlas? Or Emerald? Or anyone else?”“Like I said, they’re probably already tracking Changeling magic now.”“Why would they be? Celestia’s spell knocked them all the fuck out.”“Yeah, just like it knocked me out? Think about that for a moment.”“Shit. Well, then, let’s go. Lead the way.”She broke into a gallop, tracking all the way back down the spiral staircase you were most recently on, taking turns, winds, twists, and doorways at rapid speed all without even a single pony in sight.“Em, how the fuck can you tell where you’re going?” you wheezed as you tried to keep up.“We get out of here and I’ll show you. Let’s just say I’ve had some relevant life experience.”You both rounded a blind corner and immediately slammed to a halt. Blocking your path was that same unicorn stallion from earlier. Your big clue was the blood dripping from the corner of his mouth, a reminder of who came out on top last time. This time, though, it didn’t look like he was going to go easy on you. His eyes were locked with yours, an inferno of rage burning within as he held his ground.“Hey bucko,” you cautioned, “You’re gonna want to… not do anything rash. Remember what happened last time?”He snorted, stamping his hooves.“No hard feelings, bud,” you tried, “It’s honest self preservation, you know. It’s just…”You paused for a moment.“You’re not listening to me, are you?”He just stared, the flame in his eyes burning even brighter.“Well, don’t say I didn’t warn you.” You readied yourself to grapple with him once more, but this time he appeared to have learned from his untimely mistakes. As you readied yourself to charge, he just kept his distance and lit his horn.At first you weren’t worried by the blue aura, assuming you could easily close the gap just as you had done with Celestia, until his gaze shifted suddenly. He instead focused on Metamora, energy starting to arc from his horn to the air around it. His expression was terrifying; you could easily read the earnest intention to kill in his gaze as your mind sprung to rationalize his sudden targeting change. The gears turned slowly as time passed even slower yet. But understanding was beginning to catch up with you. This stallion had figured out how to hurt you much worse than if he hit you directly.“No!” you yelled, springing to dive in front of her as lightning started to draw itself through the air between his horn and your love. You could feel the charge in the air around you as you collided with Metamora, wrapping yourself around her to the best of your ability, shielding her from the incoming attack.You felt the bolt hit you square in the back, arcing across your skin painfully. After a moment you felt the magic start to sink into you, feeling like it was burning every inch of your body from the outside in. The horrible itching, burning sensation drew its way slowly to your heart and then all of the sudden…Nothing.In the emptiness, a shadow crawled into your mind.Your eyes shot open, sensation flooding back to you. Your throat was on fire. You couldn’t feel your legs. Your chest felt like it was being crushed. You had an enormous headache. As soon as you’d start to experience one feeling, another was ready to jump out and add to your pain. Out of the corner of your eye you saw movement, a streak of teal drawing closer to you. You couldn’t move, you couldn’t assess the threat in your periphery, you could only wait.“Hello,” a warm voice said, “Welcome back to the land of the living, you’ve had quite a journey over these past few days.”You tried to say something, but at the moment there was something blocking your words. You tried to cough, you couldn’t. You tried to breathe, something fought you. You reached for your throat, your hands didn’t move.“Don’t worry, John. You’re in the hospital. You were in a car accident. You’re partially paralyzed and you’ve been intubated. Just relax and let the machine help you breathe.”Who the fuck is John? You once again tried to get control of your hands, managing to coax your fingers into moving slightly but not able to get any other response. You had lost complete and utter control, not even your own body was your domain in this moment. How the fuck could you relax when everything was wrong.“John, from our records here you’ve been in a coma for the last 19 days. It seems like this week’s looking up though.”You’d have to challenge that statement. Your week, either in this world or the one you actually occupied, was definitively not good. And now that you were getting used to having fell from the sky into a foreign world, it was all over, there was no going back. Everything you had experienced, the ponies, Em, love, it was all fake. It was all a fever dream, but it felt so real. She felt so real, you felt so real for once in your life.“I’m going to go page the doctor for an evaluation. We’ll see if we can start weaning you off that tube,” the nurse hummed with a practiced fake smile. As she left to seek out the doctor, you finally came to the realization that you were alone, again.You took stock of what she said, and the story that bears. You had been in a car accident, and afterwards you slipped into a coma. That part makes some sense. But during your coma, evidently, you realized, your brain teleported you to an entirely different world. You didn’t want to consider the absurdity of it all, but your mind kept coming back to it.And then there was that name! She kept calling you John! That’s not your name! Your name is Anon! But wait, is it? What is your name? You glanced down at the band on your wrist, squinting to make it out as best you could.DOE, JOHN ASEX M. DOB UNK. TYPE A-ADM 14102011-1830PID 034298417TRAUMA, MULTIPLE You thought back on some of the things that happened. Your quickly developing relationship with Em, that you could never get back. Of course it made sense that the only thing you could have fallen in love with that quickly was a figment of your imagination. “Alright, sweetie. I’m back. The doctor will be in shortly, but in the meantime is there a relative, heir, or next of kin we can reach out to?”You tried to shake your head. Even if there was someone that would have been here for you, you didn’t want that now. Not after…Time to concentrate on something else. You could hear some brief conversation in the hall, maybe that could hold some of your focus.“Thanks Wendy,” someone passing by your room called out to someone else, ”Oh, Jackie wanted me to tell you that there’s some Caesar salad left over from the luncheon if you wanted to take some home.”Nope. This was not distracting you. Fuck, how did magical talking horse world seem so realistic for nearly three weeks. You’d had long dreams before, but you could almost always tell they were dreams well before you woke up.“Sweetie, I don’t think the doctor will be all that much longer,” your nurse called out as she leftyour room. This was all so fucking surreal. The real world didn’t feel real to you, everything seemed like it was scripted, just limping along until the next planned event. You wanted to forget all of this.No. No you didn’t. You didn’t want to forget Em. You didn’t want to forget anything about her. You could never forget about her. You could never go back. The time you had together was but a dot on either of your lives, and it wasn’t even real. You’d fallen in love with a tiny horse within the span of a week within your coma dream. Maybe pretending this was real might be a likely indicator of your ongoing mental health. Man, that crash must have really messed you up. There was just to much to think about. You tried to focus on something, anything. Even when you thought you’d be able to relax by staring at the ceiling, even then the errant thought or something Em said hit you like a ton of bricks.“John,” a different, but familiar voice called out.You continued staring at the ceiling.“John, wake up,” the voice called.What the fuck did it want, surely it could tell you were already awake.“John, look at me,” she commanded, hoofsteps coming closer to you.Hoofsteps?…Hoofsteps?You craned your neck to look at the source of the sound. Right there in front of you stood Luna. Right here in the real world, even out of your coma you still couldn’t escape magical talking horse land. Fuck.“Why do you keep calling me John?” you ask, realizing that you were somehow talking even with a breathing tube still in your throat.“That is the name you’ve been given, in this plane at least.”“Where am I?” you ask frantically, “What is this?”“This,” Luna answers, “has no name. You are clinging between two realms right now, a foothold in each one. However, the vast majority of your consciousness is straddling that divide, occupying the void between our worlds.”This did not calm you at all.“Luna, Are you trying to tell me I’m dying?”“No, Anon. What we mean to tell you that even we do not know where you are right now.”“Then how are you here? How are you real?”“We have been given the power to waltz along the tapestry of the dreamscape. It was a great curiosity that your dreams are similarly accessible.”“This is a dream? This isn’t real?” you try to rationalize, “Then why did I wake up? Why am I in a hospital? What’s going on?”“As we said, your soul is in transit between two worlds. There are elements of each that are real to you in this moment. But simultaneously, nothing in this realm is real.”“How do I get back?”“Back?” she asked, “To your realm? We cannot assist you with that.”“No,” you correct, “To yours.”“After all that you have done you would willingly come back to Equestria?”“I can’t leave now. I need to make sure Em is safe?”“Ah, yes,” she paused, her expression turning, “Em, the traitor in our midst. She who has perverted your sense of love for her own devices. She who fucked Sister in disguise, my how we shall never let her live that down.”“You’re all wrong!” you scream, “Everything you think you know about Changelings is wrong!”“That is a bold claim. How then, in only a few days, have you managed to discover an entirely new side to a species that has solely antagonized other creatures since the dawn of time?”“I gave her a chance,” you started, “I’m still giving her a chance. She’s trying to love and I think she can.”“Good,” Luna said, smiling at you.“Good? What do you mean good? Weren’t you just calling her irredeemable?”“We had long since given up hope that Changelings could bear anything but ill will. However you have brought new evidence to light.”“What do you mean?”“A seed,” she answered, “The kind that grows.”You did a double take at that, or rather, you would have had you not had limited mobility at the moment. There was no way for her to hear those words.“Yes. We are more observant than many realize. You did not think that we would be the princess of the night without a gift for espionage, did you?”“When did you know?” you asked, trying to figure out where you slipped up.“Truth be told it was a surprise to find out. We were monitoring you as you explored Canterlot, but what we heard, who we heard as you spoke with Atlas… That exceeded our expectations greatly.”“Why didn’t you… We fucked after that!”“Yes. While we enjoyed much the pleasure you gave us, this was as well an eye opening experience.”“You mean about how Atlas… and Celestia?”“No, although that has revealed some things of our sister that we already knew. Primarily that in matters of the heart she sees not that which is right in front of her,” Luna sighed, “But what we discovered that was a new revelation regarded only you and Metamora.”“How do you know her-”“Was that not the name you called her when you told her you loved her? Of course, that reminds us of the irregularity we uncovered. When a creature’s love is held captive by a Changeling, they bear not the ability to show affection to another. You obviously do not exhibit this symptom, so we were forced to decide between two possibilities.”“Which are?”“Either you do not love Metamora,” she began, “Or your love must be of your own volition.”“You know which one it is. I know which one it is.”“Yes, we do now. It is this which gives us hope. A Changeling satisfied on love that is given, not that which must be taken. A creature willing to love that which cannot yet love back. A seed planted that promises abundant fruit.”“Is that why you didn’t tell anyone?”“We bear no duty to report that which we’ve found. Nor would Celestia understand what promise our findings hold. But nonetheless, your actions today have undone any secrecy we afforded you both. We cannot defend or protect from that which lies ahead.““I-I… would you have done anything differently?” you ask, a pang of guilt striking you.“We would have done many things differently, but that is why you stand a chance where none have before. You will not hear from us an admonishment for your actions on this day.”“How is she?”“Celestia?” Luna asked, “She bears wounds to her pride that outstrip any physical pain you inflicted today. While her guards only required outward medical attention, her battle is fought inwardly.”“No, that’s not who-””Ah, yes. You will find that out shortly. There is still a role you have to play in this, and we can see beyond the black and white that plagues our sister’s viewpoint.”“Wait- I’m going back?”“You never left. This was a dream within a dream. You may not remember this, but should you,” Luna paused, “you must know that this is what awaits you in the end. You are real in your realm and we are real within our own, however outside that we must be only a figment to each other, a passing curiosity, never a fixture.”“You mean…” Did she? That it was all fake after all? No, she meant something more.“It is time for you to wake up, Anon.”And then there was nothing again.There was something in your arms. Something cold, but not. Something heavy, but not. Something yours, but not. You cracked your eyes open to determine what you were holding. Before you had a chance to look towards the object you were cradling, you realized you were surrounded by hooves, tens, maybe even a hundred of them, all dangerously close to you, and whatever that important thing you were holding was.Shit!You’re holding Em. And you’re stuck in the castle. And that guard was just about to murder both of you and… Wait, his hooves were white, and had decidedly less holes in them. In fact the only thing you’d seen leg holes on was…Nah, couldn’t be.As you tried to get to your feet, the wall of hooves in front of you broke, allowing a lone set of hooves to march through the gap that had formed. You focused on this, looking up to see a Changeling like Metamora, except he seemed to have more color about him. Its tail and mane-fin were blood red, and his carapace and eyes both skewed towards a more purple hue than what you were used to. It stood a head above the - what you now realized was an astounding number of - other Changelings surrounding you, but seemed to be almost identical in height and build to the Changeling in your arms.“What is this?” it asked in a gruff, scratchy voice. It wasn’t clear if it was asking you or those around you, but you knew one thing; you were the this it was concerned about.Not a soul spoke. After a brief moment, it took another step closer to you with purpose.“Identify yourself, intruder,” it demanded, lowering its head to glare into your eyes.“I uh,” you pause, thinking of how you wanted to handle this, “I brought you a present.” You loosened your grip on Metamora, letting her roll gently out of your grasp.“What kind of gift do you consider incapacitating one of my Changelings?” It - he, you guessed - asked back.“Hold on, your Changeling? Get in line pal, Em’s mine.”“You would have the audacity to claim dominion over a Changeling, as you lie defenseless on the ground of our hive?” he asked, “You must truly be a brash creature.”“All part of the charm,” you chuckle, trying to move to your feet.“Drones,” he commanded, “Restrain the intruder.”Just as you got to your feet, you saw, felt, and heard a whirlwind of activity around you. With perfect synchrony the cadre of Changelings around you flew into action, some spitting a green mucus that bound your limbs to one another, some using their magic to position your arms and legs so that you could be bound to one of the low walls nearby.“Whoa hold on, what the fuck!” you shout, “What did I do to you?”“It’s a sizable list,” he crackled, “First you teleport into the middle of the hive-”“Hold up I ain’t teleported nowhere.”“Well it wasn’t Changeling magic that brought you here, and that means it must have been yours.”“Wait, bro, I don’t even have magic.”“What kind of imbecile do you take me for. All creatures have magic. And furthermore, even had you not teleported here, you still knocked out a Changeling, and by all accounts it appears you intended to kidnap her.”“That’s so not…” you started, “Why would I be fucking passed out on the floor if I was trying to escape with a Changeling. And what good would that do me anyway?”“I don’t care for your mind games. Your transgressions are simple, and so to will be your punishment, should the Queen decide.”“Can we stop talking about restraints and punishments? I’m precipitously close to popping a boner here, although the thought of you with a riding crop isn’t quite doing it for me so…”“You would think of sex at a time like this?” he asked, his eye twitching.“Kinda my only mode really, just ask her,” you motioned, “When she wakes up, I guess. I mean at least this time it wasn’t my dick that knocked her out. Course if things had gone a different way…”He winced at that, taking a step back cautiously.“I know not any creature that would willingly mate a Changeling. You must be a truly vile species if the threat of taken love does not distemper your desires.”“Yeah, she tells me I’m the worst,” you chuckle, “Now are these restraints really necessary?”“Until I can figure out what you intend to do here, you’re not going anywhere.”“Whatever, but if I pop a boner while I’m stuck here like this, and Em’s not awake to take care of it-”“Who is this ‘M’ you keep speaking of?” it inquired, stepping back towards you.“Dude, she’s right fucking there,” you nod, “fuckin’ rude sack of shit.”“This Changeling, you call her ‘M’?” it continued.“Yeah. That’s her name, er…” you paused, “That’s my nickname for her.”“Changelings don’t have nicknames.”“So she told me. I still don’t care,” you shrug, “Em, Metamora, lovebug, what’s it matter what I call her?”“Did you say Metamora?” he asked with incredulity, his attention shifting to the still snoozing Changeling where you were just laying. “You mean to tell me that you kidnapped one of the most revered Infiltrators of all time, and the next step in your plan was to come back to the hive? That makes absolutely no sense.”“Dude, I told you that’s not what happened.”“Quiet!” he demanded, turning to try and rouse Metamora from her unnatural slumber. “Metamora, wake up! You’re safe from this creature now.”You chuckled, “Oh, there’s nowhere she can hide that my dick can’t find…” Wow, that sounded more ominous than you intended.Suddenly the inquisitive Changeling flew towards you, his wings buzzing angrily. “You will hold your tongue, lest I pull it out and feed it to you as your last meal before I slice you end from end.”You did as he asked. That fucker had some anger management problems, man you bet his asshole was tighter than- What the fuck - you’re not fucking gay, where did that thought even…Metamora stirred, drawing once more the attention of your aggressor. She opened her eyes, presumably running through the same mental exercise of having no fucking clue what was going on.“Holy shit what the fuck!” she screamed, damn you taught her well. “Where the fuck am- Wait, Pharynx?”“Metamora?” he asked back, “Are you okay?”“Do I look okay?” she snapped, “I wake up hive knows where after the most terrifying moments of my entire life, and you’re the first thing I see?”“I uh-” he stammered.“I mean I’ve seen an ugly mug in my time,” she chuckled, shakily trying to get to her feet, “But you easily take the cake.”“Metamora!” he yelped, shock coloring his face at her words.“Hive, you big lug,” she grinned, “Just as sensitive as ever. Come here, I’ve got some shit to show you.”Wow. She didn’t even acknowledge you once. Just straight to flirting with this angry shitbag with used tampons for hair. You weren’t jealous. Nah, definitely not in a way where you’d punch somebody if you weren’t fucking glued to the damn wall.“Em, what the fuck!” you yelled, “Tell him to let me the fuck down!”“Just a moment, Anon…” she trilled, crossing her horn over Pharynx’s as a few pink sparks crossed between them. After a moment, he jumped back in surprise before looking at you with… hunger?“Wait did you just… you have telepathy?”“No, it’s just like talking but with magic. Helps with sharing di-”“Whoa, dude…” you interrupted, realizing Pharynx was drawing closer on you with a thirst in his eyes, “That part I said about popping a boner, total lie. And even if it weren’t please don’t shove it in your tight, wet asshole. I’m not gay!”“Anon, you’re not wearing pants. We can see your dick plain as day. And I’m just a little bit disappointed you got hard without me.”“We can worry about that later, but right now can you maybe do something about your friend there? He’s, uh… He’s got ideas I don’t think I agree with.”“Pharynx!” she called, stopping him dead in his tracks as he looked back at you sheepishly. “After everything I showed you, you were just going to go suck the love right out of him? I ought to stick you to the wall right next to him.”“Yeah, about that… Can you do something about that next, or my dick. Either one, really. Honestly I’d be fine up here for a bit if you just wanted to work the-”The restraints against you crumbled into dust and you fell to your feet, wobbling a bit but ultimately maintaining your balance.“Uh… Thanks. So now how about somebody tell me what the fuck is going on. Cause I’m confused as shit. Not dead, mind you, and that’s a good place to be, but I’m still confused as all shit.”“Welcome home, Metamora,” Pharynx offered “and welcome to the hive, Anon.”“Wait, the hive as in…” you paused, “Em is this where you guys live? That’s so neat. You’ve gotta show me all the stuff, like your room and your bed and the kind of things you do on your bed alone when no one else is watching.”“Anon!” she shrieked in embarrassment. “What, masturbation is totally normal, I should know. I’m not judging you at all.”“I don’t, ugh!” she denied, “Let’s just… Pharynx, do something!”“I need to go inform the Queen of this. Metamora, please have a drone accompany both of you wherever you go until you’ve heard back from me.”“Wait you’re going to make a drone babysit me?”“This one!” you point, singling out a random drone that clung to the back of the group around you. “He, she-”“She” Pharynx clarified.“She didn’t strap me to the wall. I like her,” You pause, a thought hitting you, “Hold on, Em are drones like kids or…”“No, Anon. Drones are all adults, that would be a nymph.”“Fuckin’ score. So many things to stick my dick in!”The entire group around you stared on in wide eyed shock.“Anon,” Metamora growled, “you stick your dick in one thing that isn’t me while we’re in this hive and I’m going to shrink it right back down to the size it was when you got here. And just so everypony knows, it was not impressive.”“That’s just cold.” Pharynx said, turning to leave.“Eh, she’d never do it. She likes it too much,” you dismiss, turning to the drone you singled out, “Alright small fry, what’s your name?”She hesitated, trembling a bit at your exuberance.“A- Ap-” she mumbled.You coughed. Why did that name sound familiar?“Apo-” she tried again, still too shy to get it out there. She took a deep breath, straightening her posture for one last try, “Aphelion.”“That sounds like a skin condition,” you cringed, “Fuckin’ rad. I’ll take it, Amphibian. Apiarist. Astigmatism. …What was it again?”“Anon!”“Nope, fairly sure I’ve got that one.”“It’s bad enough that she’s got to follow us around! I’m not going to let you traumatize this poor drone!”“Hey, she’s likely to see some shit either way. You’re making promises my dick can’t keep,” you quipped, “Now let’s get out of wherever the fuck we are. Rest of you drones, you’re dismissed. Go do whatever the fuck it is you do when you’re not staring at my dick.”None of them moved.“He’s right,” Metamora chuckled, “at ease.”They all dispersed, scurrying off in various directions leaving you, Metamora, and Antlion. Applepie. …Fuck what was her name!“Seriously though, What’s your name?”“This is going to end horribly, isn’t it?”“No worse than the last time, I’m sure.”“Jeez, this place is huge,” you marvel, “I am so completely lost.”“How do you think I was able to find my way around the castle so easily.”“It’s so empty though. Like I figured it’d be, I dunno …busier?”Metamora’s expression soured. She looked at the ground and sighed.“Aphelion, how many of us are left?” Metamora asked of the drone beside you.“L-Less than eight hundred in the hive.”“That, Anon, that’s why it’s so empty. This hive was built for fifty thousand.”“Why would you build such a big hive if there are so few of you?”“The hive was almost too small when it was built hundreds of years ago.”Was she saying what you thought she was saying?“What happened?”“The same thing that happens to any species that has no natural habitat. Either death, or evolution.”“Fuck that’s…” you had no words.“…just the way that it is, I try not to get too hung up on it.”You decided to just let that conversation die as you kept walking through the dim hallways of the hive. Instead you took note of the space itself; walls that were freeform but still held some intention of uniform design, a cavernous ceiling dotted with green light that cast everything in a dim glow. It was kind of eerily beautiful, just like someone else.Metamora finally slowed down, finally turning into a small room in a hallway lined with identical doors. You followed quickly with the drone hesitating at the threshold before she too decided to come in. You watched Metamora as she jumped up on the raised surface in the middle of the room, turning to face you with an infectious smile on her face.“What are we gonna do on the bed, Anon?” Metamora asked in a sing-song voice. That minx, she knew exactly what you were about to do.“Sleep?” you joke, “Yeah, that sounds good.”“Oh Anon… Surely you need something to help you fall asleep…”“Wait, you have Ambien in this universe? Yeah, I’ll take two.” You looked back to her, realizing that she had turned around, waving her hips enticingly at you“Fuck, Em…” you groan, immediately feeling life breathed into your dick. “Yes!” she agreed, “Do exactly that!”“Actually…” you pause, “Remember that part earlier about things you do on your bed when no one is watching…”“Anon! I’m not going to touch myself for your amusement!”“Em, if you make yourself cum right here and now, I will fuck you so hard that even Applebees over there will pass out. And I won’t be gentle this time.”She hesitated slightly, looking back over her shoulder.“Promise?” she asked hopefully.“Promise. Now get to it.”She wordlessly rolled over and laid back on the firm surface of her bed, her hind legs spreading wide to give you a spectacular view.“Fuck… As hot as ever, Em.”“Nhh…” she whimpered, “You’re just saying that!”“Not in a million years. I love you, Em.”She squealed at that, her back briefly arching off the bed. You watched as one of her front hooves snaked its way down between her legs, stopping just short of its target.“Hive, you’re really going to make me do this?” she asked.“You know I can’t make you do anything.”She whimpered something unintelligibly, her hoof finally making contact. At first she gently pressed against it, reveling in the pressure against her. She quickly began experimenting with other techniques, first rubbing in gentle circles that spread her ever so slightly, showing off her glistening green interior. With further iteration she found a more pleasurable technique with gentle linear strokes up and down the length of her slit. After a few passes, she hesitated at the top, pressing in ever so slightly more and earning herself a shudder of pleasure.Her breathing was audible now, with the occasional grunt or moan mixed in, often as the tip of her hoof ground against her winking clit.“Ah,” she shivered, “P-Pharynx!”“Oh my god, Em! What the fuck!” you scream, watching her chuckle, covering her mouth with a hoof.“Oh Pharynx… Come fuck me with your huge bug cock. It’s the only thing that will ever satisfy me…” she teased as she continued tracing a hoof along her moist slit.“You know what, fuck you,” you grumbled, “Maybe I’ll go take my dick somewhere it’s appreciated. C’mere Apotheosis, ever sucked a cock this big before?”“Hey!” Em growled, stopping the motion of her hoof, “Don’t you fucking dare!”“Nah, it’s okay. You can go have fun with bloodhair. I’m sure Apraxia can keep me busy while you’re out.”“Ugh! I can’t even make… without you…” she whined, “You’re so mean!”“Relax, Em…” you chuckle, “I thought it was hilarious, as soon as I realized that you were joking. You were joking right?”“What do you think?” she screeched, once again starting to trace her marehood with a hoof, “You think I’m lying here touching myself just for fun?”“Well I mean…”“Anon!” she huffed, her hips moving slightly against her hoof, “You idiot. I’m doing this because of you. Changelings don’t masturbate. This is all because I want to make you happy.”“Wait, you’re not. Apparatus, is that true?”The diminutive drone snapped to attention, looking at you briefly before nodding solemnly.“That’s the saddest thing I’ve ever heard. Why wouldn’t you… I mean on the one hand it feels so good…” you stopped.“Why would we?” Metamora asked rhetorically, “There’s no benefit to it. It just wastes energy.”“Fuck, if I didn’t do things just because they were a waste of energy…” you laughed, “Well, I’d probably be a lot more boring at least.”“Just…” she sighed, looking away, “Come here and tell me I’m doing a good job.”“Oh Em,” you purred, “You’re doing a great job.”“R-Really?” she asked, her breath hitching as she pressed the tip of her hoof against her clit.“Yes, really. I could cum just from watching this. Fuck, I want you so bad.”“Then come get me!” she whined, “What are you waiting for?”“You know the rules…” you snickered, “Plus I need you as worked up as possible if my evil plan is going to work. I’m going to wind you up and turn you into a sex-fueled supernova destroying the entire hive!”Aphelion’s eyes flew wide as it looked like she was about to run off to warn everyone of the danger.“He’s joking!” Metamora quickly added, calming the nervous drone just a bit.“Yeah, from my calculations,” you paused, grinning wide, “I’d need about… two Changelings for that kind of destruction. What do you say, Appetizer?” You stared at her and licked your lips.“Anon!” Metamora chided, “Aphelion, don’t listen to him.”“Oh come on, can’t you guys take a joke?” you asked, pausing as you realized something else, “Hold on, Em… you didn’t stop for that… Feeling good now?”“S-Shut up.”“Oh my god! You’re a fucking natural,” you applauded, sneaking up closer to her. She was lost in her motions, frantically rolling her hips against her hoof. You took advantage of her inattention to sneak onto the bed beside her, just enough room for you to lay on your side next to her. You reached out with one arm, wrapping around her and pulling her towards you as your other arm snuck underneath her to form a loose hug.“Ah!” she moaned, “W-What are you doing?”“Hey…” you responded, grinning, “Don’t mind me, just getting a little closer to the action.”“Y-You’re the worst. I can feel your dick poking me. Why can’t you just-”You kissed her gently on her cheek, watching her arch her back as her hoof only became more frantic.“A-Anon… Please s-say it…”“Say what?”“You know what! Come on, push me over the edge!”“Oh…” you realized, “Heh… I love you, perv.”She squealed, her legs twitching loosely and the rest of her squirming against the bed, against you. You managed to tilt her head to the side and plant another kiss right on her lips right as she was starting to calm down. As suddenly as your kiss, she started shaking twice as hard as before, trying to make all manner of sounds against your mouth as she thrashed wildly. You held her tight as she rode out her mostly self-inflicted orgasm, taking stock of what a truly magical lover you held in your arms.“See, that didn’t seem like a waste of energy to me,” you called out, “Don’t you think so Apothecary?”The drone cowered in the corner, somehow looking both terrified and completely turned on.“Shit if you thought that was something, you won’t believe what happens next,” you laughed.As soon as you finished saying that, you felt a force hit you. Somehow where you were previously holding Metamora, now she was holding you, and she quickly pulled you to the center of the bed, rolled you onto your back and straddled you, her still dripping nethers close enough that you could feel the unexpected warmth on your dick.“Please?” she asked, looking to you for approval that she knew she was going to get. You just nodded. Instantly you felt that warmth turn from a gentle ambiance into a powerful, visceral heat. Metamora descended on your shaft all the way to the hilt with no resistance. As soon as you bottomed out in her and felt the weight of her hips come to rest against you, you pulled her against your chest, squeezing your arms around her.“Hive I waited too long for this,” she hissed, locking eyes with you. You bucked your hips once, driving her up and then letting her fall back down on your shaft. She darted forward and kissed you, a frantic energy to her motions as she draped her hooves over your shoulders to steady herself. You leaned into her, driving yourself in and out of her rhythmically. You couldn’t stop watching her eyes the entire time. Where once they were a cold, arctic blue they were now light pink fading to white at the edges. The same color pink as…You spoke too soon. The first trails of that orb started to dance around you, growing more and more intense. You were having trouble making out the room around you between the lattice of energy, drawing nearer to your own peak as the energy around you crescendoed as well. She tightened around you, moaning into your kiss. Then, just as you exploded inside her, the ball of energy around both of you did the same, filling the room with a blinding light.After a minute of transcendental bliss, you returned to reality.“Hha… That was a lot of love mister Anon…” Aphelion giggled from across the room,  falling to her side and twitching softly.“Shit, Em…” you realize, “I think we broke Apprentice.”“There you go again… You’ve gotten her lovedrunk. Just like our first time.”“Hey!” you correct, “both times a Changeling got drunk off my dick it was your pervy magic that did it.”You looked over to the lovedrunk drone next to you, who had managed to get back to her hooves, albeit shakily.“H-hey… uh… You know that part where I’m supposed to be watching you?” Aphelion chirped, staring intently at your dick as she sauntered over to the bed, “Well I think I can do that better if I had a certain vantage point.”“You little shit. So much as touch him and I’ll rip your wings off and eat them.”Aphelion shivered at the thought, instantly looking away.“Oh come on, Em… There’s enough of me for both of you. I promise I still love you.”She hiccuped, eyes glowing pink for a brief moment as she looked to the drone and back to you.“Fine. But only because I l-” she sighed, “Only because I like you.”“Then come here you two…”“Oh Em,” you chuckled, “Didn’t get enough last night?”You hadn’t even opened your eyes yet and there was already a suckling warmth on your dick. You could get used to this. You could really get used to this.“Huh?” you heard Metamora call hazily as a presence behind you stirred.“Oh fuck…” you realized. That was not Metamora suckling on your dick. You opened your eyes and sure enough, there was that cute little drone stuffing her face full of your meat with a look of utter concentration “Aphelion, why are you sucking my dick?”“Did you just say Aphelion is sucking your dick?” Metamora asked groggily, maneuvering to perch her head on your chest so she could look over you.“Don’t be mad,” you plead.“Why would I be mad, it’s not like you're-” she started, her eyes finally focusing on the dark gray blob moving between your legs, “Aphelion! Are you sucking my Anon’s dick?”She didn’t answer, continuing her oral assault with rapt focus.“Em, hey… There’ll be plenty more chances to, just, holy fuck she’s good.”“I can’t believe she would… And after last night too!” she grumbled, “Just… Tell me I’m better.”“F-fuck… Her technique… she’s right up there,” you start, earning a scowl from Metamora, “…but I’d rather do this with you any time. I love you.”“A-Anon!” she whimpered, shuddering like she usually did when you said those three words, “You can’t just say that to shut me up.”“Em, I’m never going to just say that. I mean it. I’ll always mean it.”Suddenly the door burst open, causing you to flip over to face it, whipping your dick free from Aphelion with a wet squelch. It was too late though, because as soon as you rolled to face the door, your orgasm overtook you, causing you to launch volley after volley of your especially voluminous seed straight towards the doorway. You opened your eyes to see a cum-drenched Pharynx staring at you with that same hunger from yesterday.“Fuck!” you yelled, this was easily the most gay thing you had ever done. Pharynx licked his lips hungrily, a brief flash of his horn appearing to disappear all of the essence you had gifted him.“Thanks for the meal, Anon…” Pharynx hummed.“You can’t just barge in here!” you called back. “What ever happened to privacy?”“Why would you need privacy? There is nothing in this hive that is private.”“You’ve got to be kidding me,” you sigh, “Well, what do you want then?”“I come bearing great news. The Queen wishes to see both of you as soon as possible.”“Queen Chrysalis…” Metamora whispered, “She asked for us both?”“Yes. With the utmost urgency. Please if you would follow-”It looks like Em had other plans. She was already up to her feet and making her way quickly to the door. You decided to follow suit, but not before doing something with the third occupant of the bed. You picked her up and carried her across the room, setting the smaller drone down on top of Pharynx’s back.“Here Pharynx, keep my Aphelion warm for me. Bye!” you said, quickly rushing out the door to catch up to Metamora.You rounded the corner and immediately could tell you were in rarefied air. The entire hallway was more meticulously designed, engraved with decoration and interspersed with well-worn tapestries hanging from the walls. You walked between a set of two motionless guards in armor that looked to be made of the same material as their carapace, eying another set blocking your path with spears crossed over the doorway ahead. Beyond them was an enormous, cavernous room that appeared to be slightly brighter than the rest of the hive.As you drew close, the guards stiffened, waiting until you had come up to them before addressing you.“State your names and business.”“Infiltrator Metamora and Sir Anon, here upon request of her Highness.”They stepped aside, clearing their spears from the doorway. Metamora waltzed forward with a new dignity in her stride, her head held high and her steps bringing her hooves higher off the ground. You too found yourself walking with more importance. You had fucked a princess, but you were about to meet a Queen! Before too much longer, you were staring at a truly enormous throne, carved from craggy green stone. As you approached, a familiar looking Changeling stepped out and climbed into the seat of the throne.“Huh, she looks exactly like I thought she would,” you wink at Metamora.“My Queen, I present you Sir Anon, human. A being of another plane and the most powerful source of love I have ever known. May our actions serve you,” she said, bowing deeply.“Metamora,” Chrysalis spoke with a tone you couldn’t discern as positive or negative, “Pharynx tells me of your exploits since you’ve found this creature. Extracting his love repeatedly, gathering intelligence for our efforts, bedding a princess. Needless to say, as always, I am proud of your actions. The hive grows stronger on the backs of Changelings like you.”“T-Thank you my Queen! I am not worthy of such praise!” she groveled, “Anon has… He has shown me such… such compassion, a feeling I have not yet grown used to. Any strength you see in me, I owe to him.”Shit, you liked where this was going.“Ah yes, Anon,” Chrysalis addressed, turning to look at you, “He who would aid a Changeling of his own will. Truly a unique specimen.”“Howdy…” you offer weakly, not really sure what to say.“What would you ask of us, my Queen?” Metamora inquired.“I simply wish to understand firsthoof what has happened since Anon has come to Equestria.”“Yes, I’d be glad to-”“From him, Metamora. I already know what you have seen.”“Cool,” you shrugged, “What’chu wanna know?”“Tell me, Anon…” she inquired, “Is it true that you believe yourself to be in love with Metamora?”“I more than believe it. I know it. And I know that she cares for me too.”“Let me phrase my question another way. You purport to love a creature that can offer you nothing in return?”“You’re so wrong there-”“I am sorry my Queen,” Metamora apologized, “What he means to say is-”“No, Metamora. Let him speak. I wish to hear his words exactly as they are,” Chrysalis corrected, “Now Anon, how do you believe me to be wrong?”“You said she can offer me nothing in return. But that’s not true. What did Pharynx show you if he missed that detail?”“Pharynx has shown us everything, as Metamora showed to him. Including how you persuaded Metamora to take my form the first time she extracted your love.”Metamora shivered a bit, but she knew this moment was coming.“Heh… Then you saw what we did after that as well.”“Yes, and while I believe your choices in bad taste, I will not fault Metamora for pursuing them in the furtherance of her duties.”She breathed a sigh of relief at her Queen’s words.“Then how do you not understand?”“I understand fully. You are a creature who transacts in lust, much in counterpoint to how we traffic in love. To that end I realize completely that you believe what Metamora provides you may one day be love, but it will never be.”“You’re wrong!” you yell again.“You think that no Changeling has ever tried to learn to love? In the many thousands of years of recorded history, there has never been one who succeeded. It is plainly impossible.”“I refuse to believe that. What Em and I share… She may not love me yet, but I can feel it.”“What you and Metamora share is a symbiosis. It is a beautiful thing, and worthy of great admiration, but it is not love. It can never be love.”“Why not?”“Do you always deal in such vague terms? The universe has answered your question time and time again, and always has it rewarded your hopes with death and destruction. It is unfair of you to ask her to sacrifice herself in such a way.”“Your Highness,” Metamora interrupted, “I think he is right. I didn’t believe it myself at first, but since he first told me that he loved me, there’s been a warmth growing in me, something of my creation.”“Holy shit Em, you’re pregnant?” you ask, completely misreading the situation.“No, Anon, that’s not…” she trailed off, “I’m learning what it means to love. Even if I can’t yet.”“It is a fools errand, Metamora. To love as a Changeling would be to sell your soul. It means weakness.”“This is the first time in my life I’ve felt true strength, my Queen.”“You have always worried too much, Metamora, but do not mistake false hope for strength. As you go down this path, you veer from what makes you great.”“Can’t you believe this is possible? I’m willing to try even if it means failure, even if it means death. That’s what love is, Chrysalis, it is that willingness to sacrifice yourself for what you love, what you believe in. And I believe in her. I love Metamora.”Metamora quivered at your words, a tear falling from her cheek. Even Chrysalis was temporarily taken aback, looking away as she finally came to answer you.“I can’t believe anything. I am a pragmatist,” she conceded, “I have to be. With our numbers dwindling each and every day, I must ensure our survival by any means necessary. Survival does not predicate on theory, it predicates on action. I can’t devote hope to this when there are tried and true solutions at hoof.”“Listen, I don’t agree with the ponies on this shit either, but kidnapping and rape aren’t cool. Not when you can-”“Death,” Chrysalis snarled, “Death is not cool. I do not wish to discuss this further.”“Then…” you lead, trying your luck, “One last question, if I may…”“You may,” Chrysalis permitted.“Since I’m, you know, this potent source of love or whatever… You’re probably totally interested in extracting that love right?”“Absolutely. Should you wish to contribute to our stores, you may command Metamora or any other Changeling in this hive to attend to you.”“What I meant was… Do you want to extract that love.”“Anon!” Metamora yelled, staring daggers, “Excuse him!”“Oh dear Anon, while I admire your ambition, I have a hive to rule. I can’t simply unshackle myself from these duties to gather love. I have so many other Changelings who would jump at the opportunity to make such a contribution.”“So you’re not interested in some firsthand experience then?”“I see no reason to tend to this personally. Unless you find yourself attracted to me, at which point Metamora has already proven herself capable of assuming my form.”“I am so deeply sorry, your Highness.”“Nonsense! You did as was required to harvest his love. Just as I hope you will continue to do,” she dismissed, “Speaking of, Metamora, your Queen is hungry and you seem to be positively radiating with love. Do you mind?”“It would be my pleasure,” Metamora revered, lighting her horn and forming a pink beach ball of energy at the tip of her horn.“Oh Metamora, that is plenty! You’ll spoil me!” Chrysalis called out, taking hold of the ball in her magic, “And such a strange color too!”She levitated the ball closer to herself, watching it deform as if pulled gravitationally towards her. Inevitably the ball collided with her, spreading to cover her dark gray exoskeleton before dissipating.“Wait,” she called, “Metamora… your love, it tastes… different. Tell me how you harvested it.”“How about we demonstrate instead,” you offer, gesturing to your love.“Excellent! Metamora, show me how you render this unique substance.”“Yes, my Queen. But I would like to ask that, whatever happens, you remember that you approved such demonstration.”“So you’re gonna change into queen bugbutt, right?”“Anon!” Metamora yelled, exasperated, “Show a little respect!”“Sorry…” you chuckle, “Never have been good at that one… so…”“You’re impossible.” She sighed, “If my Queen gives her permission, I suppose I-”“Hey Queenie,” you yell, “Em’s got this weird exhibition thing, and she’s got it baaaad.”“Anon!”“Shh, Em… I know you’re too embarrassed to say it. Anyway, she can’t get turned on in front of someone else unless she looks like them, so…”“You think fucking her while she looks like me is going to convince me to partake, don’t you?”“Well I wouldn’t have put it like that but…” Nope, you’d put it pretty much exactly like that.“I don’t understand why you’d want to bed me, or anyone other than the one you claim to be your beloved. She can be anything you want, but you want something else simply because it exists?”“My dick defies limitation. I can’t hold myself to just one person, even if she’s the best thing I’ve ever had. I’m dumb and ultimately self-destructive like that. Get it from my dad probably.”“Well you have my permission, but I must warn you that you’re not going to get what you want.”Metamora didn’t even say a word, just a flash of green and another Queen staring at your rapidly stiffening dick.“I've got exactly what I want right here” you motioned, “Wow, Em... kinda seems like you wanted it too.”“I did not!” she denied, “It’s just… I feel powerful like this.”“Oh my god, you do have a weird exhibition thing!”“Shut up! You’re the worst!”“Fine, Fine. But hey, um, you think we can one up yesterday?” you whispered, “What do you think it would take to get your queen drunk like Aphelion?”Metamora’s eyes widened, then narrowed, then she grinned back at you.“I think… I think we can make that happen,” she whispered back, that adorable blush you loved so much shining on her cheeks.“You keep being that cute and I’ll bend you over and fuck you right here and now.”“I-I’m not cute!” she pouted.“Fuuuuck. Come on, turn around. I’m gonna jizz all over you just like I did with Pharynx if I don’t get inside you right fucking now.”“What are you waiting for, then…” she moaned, turning to face away from you and lifting her tail so that it fell over her back, “Come give your Queen what she desires.”Chrysalis arched her eyebrows at this, contemplating whether she wanted to react more noticeably. She let it slide.“What my queen desires, huh?” you chuckle, “you’re this worked up already?”“It’s not every day that a Changeling gets to perform in front of her Queen as her Queen.”“Fuck, this is why I love you,” you breathed, not even thinking about the effect your words would have on Metamora. Her hindlegs immediately widened, her marehood winking as a small spurt of her lime-tinted liquid leaked forth. “Holy shit! I wanted to get straight to the action, but maybe I need to make sure you don’t cum as soon as I put it in.”“Anon, you do anything other than shove your dick in my pussy and I’ll break it off and shove it in your ass.”“You’d never.”“Try me.”“I just might...” you smirked, kneeling behind her and bringing the back of your hand to stroke along her drenched slit.“Aaanon…” she squealed, “Don’t fucking tease me!”“Just getting all lubed up,” you chuckled. “How else am I gonna fit my entire arm inside you?”She practically jumped at your words, recoiling nervously but not quite ready to stop you.“Oh come on, you’re a big girl now… You can handle it,” you encourage, beginning to spear her on your hand.As soon as you had the beginnings of a few fingers inside her, all of the sudden her hesitation turned into constant pressure back against your intruding hand. You had no trouble whatsoever getting in to the last knuckles, only meeting the slightest resistance as the width of your wrist spread her to her limit.“Fuuuuck,” she moaned, still pressing back hard against you, “and I thought your dick was big.”“Silly bug, my dick is huge,” you snickered, moving to curl your hand against that spot inside her you were growing so good at finding. Her legs started trembling and she stopped being able to push back quite so forcefully. Before she could catch her breath, you closed your hand into a loosely balled fist and drove your arm as deep as it would go. You pulled back, your arm slick with her wetness, her scent clinging to everything as you drove her wild. Chrysalis stared wide-eyed at your creative use of her subject, her gaze locked on the steady advance and retreat of your arm.With a few more thrusts, and careful attention to how she reacted to your efforts, you could already tell Em was getting close. You had to get this first one out of the way quick, cause you wanted her to last when you finally made sweet, sweet love to her. You just had no idea how quick you would be able to make it happen, surprised completely when her walls bore down on you, locking you in place as she gushed and moaned with abandon.“There we go, Em… All nice and warmed up,” you affirmed, drawing your arm out of her slowly and standing back up.“Anon,” she growled, a viciousness in her tone that you had never heard before, “Dick inside me right fucking now.”“If only you were just a hair taller,” you hinted, watching Metamora’s head whip back to see how much additional height she needed. Before you even registered that she had acknowledged your idea, she started growing noticeably, her size now large enough to dwarf Chrysalis by a good foot or so, her long slender legs and beautiful scuplted hips both growing in proportion to line her impatient sex up with your pride, “Oh shit, I didn’t think you’d.”“Stop. Talking.” She commanded, pressing back into you with exacting accuracy, the first few inches of your dick sinking into her with ease. You did as you were told, leaning forward and pushing yourself onward to sink into her folds. Was she tighter than usual or was she… Shit, she was using her magic to… Fuck that felt good. If she was going to show off like this, you needed to convince her to fuck you in front of royalty more often.She ground back against you on each thrust, her motions combining with your own to fill the room with the wet, resounding chorus of your thighs against her flanks. She was practically flooding you with her juices, each thrust leaving you with a hearty trickle of her liquid dripping from your union onto the floor below. You couldn’t help but go even harder, leaning over her and wrapping an arm around her barrel. You started to rapidly piston yourself inside of her, going as fast as physics and biology allowed, then pushing the envelope just a little bit more. Because, fuck it, she deserved it.Before long you noticed the wonderful anomaly you had grown so used to forming around you. Little shooting stars of pink drawing slow, lazy arcs through the air around you, each thrust seeming to bring a few more of them into existence. You still didn’t understand quite what it meant or what you were seeing, but you knew that the more of those little comets you saw the more Em was enjoying this.“How ya doin’ up there bugbutt?” you grunted between thrusts.“This is…” she shuddered, “How do you keep getting better every time we…”“You keep raising the stakes,” you explain, “And this dick was not made to disappoint.”She didn’t have a response to that, of course you couldn’t really blame her. But nonetheless, you continued your slow crescendo towards a familiar peak, hearing Metamora moan and squeal in delight with every move you make. Some of the pink trails slowly turned a shining white, darting around the two of you at rapid speed.“Hey Em, I got something to tell you,” you start.“Right now, Anon?” she squeaked out, “Can’t it wait?”“No. Now listen real close here, I don’t want anyone else to hear what I’ve gotta say.”“Anon! Quit being so cagey and just fuck me! I need you to fuck me!”“You don’t want a little more?” you whispered, stroking along her assumed mane, “Don’t want me to remind you that I love you more than anything?”The air around you was humming with energy. New strands of pink joined in the swirling mass of now mostly white comets, zipping around until they too grew to a glowing white. A second, closer sphere was forming as zips of white wisped away, falling toward the center and changing again to a beautiful, shimmering gold. As the outer sphere grew in size, the inner sphere shrank until it could only encapsulate you and Metamora, transforming from a loose mesh to a solid shell as more and more energy fell from the outer sphere to become like their gold brethren.“Anon,” she whispered, “I-I think I can say it. I think I- I-”“Come on, Em. You can do it!” you goaded, thrusting into her as hard as humanly possible“I-” she hesitated, drawing a deep breath and steadying herself to the best of her ability, “I-”Fuck, you could tell it was close, she just needed… One. More. Push. “Oh Anon I-” she shivered, “I’m cumming!”She went rigid, every muscle inside and out tensing to its maximum. You felt yourself cross the threshold you hadn’t even realized was upon you. Your vision went white as you were blinded by the collapsing sphere. Her hooves buckled, sending you toppling over her and falling to the ground, your dick coming free from her tight embrace. You rolled to your side, landing next to her.After a moment, you realized her occasional shivers weren’t aftershocks of pleasure. They were quiet sobs, her face turned away from you as much as she could. It pained you to know that despite the beautiful moment you shared, she couldn't get what she wanted. You almost wanted to cry with her. You cradled her chin, coaxing her to turn toward you, seeing the sheen of tears glistening over her matte chitin.“I’m so sorry… I thought I… I wanted. I…”“Don’t be sorry. You know I don’t need three silly words to know how you feel.”“They’re not three silly words, Anon. They’re-” she sobbed, “I know how much they mean to you.”“Which is why I’m glad you’re not saying it before you’re ready. When you finally say those three words, Em, I want it to be because you can’t help yourself.”“I can’t help myself,” she said, her tears slowing, “I can’t help anything.”“Em,” you sighed, “Don’t think like that. I know you wish it were easier, but the best things in life never are, and you’re the best thing in my life.”“Anon, every time you make love to me, the only thing I make is a fool of myself. I’m a sad, weak, pitiful excuse for a Changeling and I’m not worth your love.”“You’re worth so much more than the love I can give you, Metamora. You just worry too much.”“I- I-” she hesitated, leaning into you, “I do, don’t I.”“Just a bit. And about the dumbest things too.”“You’re right,” she said, a sadness to her voice, but also a redeeming happiness, “I’m sorry.”“No apologies, just promise you’ll stop beating yourself up and just let whatever happens, happen?”“Promise.”You heard a loud thud as Chrysalis fell forward off of her throne, writhing loosely on the ground with a pleased look on her face.Well shit. You didn’t think you were going to put her straight into a coma from that. You figured she’d just be more excitable and exuberant, just like Aphelion. But she was… was she snoring?Both you and Metamora approached her, cautiously taking each step, fearing that she might stir or wake at your words or actions.After Metamora looked her over for any injuries, taking a little longer than you though professionally necessary staring at her backside, she concluded that you had indeed gotten her Queen lovedrunk.“I can’t believe we managed to…” Metamora started, trailing off as if actually saying it would force her to face her actions.“Is it that much of a surprise, I mean it didn’t seem to take much for you or Aphelion.”“Yes, but I imagine she can hold much more love,” she explained pridefully, “Love we made.”.“So what do we do now?” you asked, uncertain, “Do we let her sleep or wake her up or hide in fear of her wrath or?”“Let’s wake her up. I doubt she would like to know she was asleep for any significant period of time.”“Hey bugbutt!” you screamed, “Get your drunk ass the fuck up!”“That’s…” Metamora sighed, “That’s one way to do it.”Chrysalis stirred, her eyelids fluttering as she pawed at the ground in front of her weakly.“Just another minute, momma…” she whined“Oh my god did she just…” you whispered to Em. She nodded softly, a blush coloring her cheeks.“Your Highness, it’s Metamora and Anon. You passed out.”“Passed out? I’ve never…” she paused, finally opening her eyes and looking around, “Why do I feel so silly right now?”“You’re lovedrunk.” Metamora chuckled.“Lovedrunk? How is that… It’d take enough love to fill this room before-” she paused, belching loudly, “Oh… you’re right.”“Yes, my Queen. How can we be of assist-” “You win, Anon… I’ll… I’ll do it,” Chrysalis hesitated, her voice less composed than a moment ago, “After that much love… Well, I don’t need to worry about anypony going hungry for weeks.”“I thought you said that you wouldn’t…”“I’ve said a lot of things in my life that I’ve gone back on. This one came as a surprise to me, but here we are.”“Em, are you okay with this?”“Who am I to deny my Queen?”“No that’s not…” you sigh, “I don’t want to hurt you like last time. You can tell me no, I’ll listen.”“It’s okay, Anon. I share everything with my Queen, and that includes you.”“Sharing implies that you’ll be involved as well…”Metamora blushed fiercely, “If my Queen would allow it…”“You’re despicable, you know that,” Chrysalis chastised, mostly talking to you, “You’d inebriate a Queen just to coerce her into laying with you!”“You’re the one that-” you tried to defend.“Either way, I applaud your ambition, but I think I hate you. They call us evil, but you’re- you’re something else entirely!” Queen Chrysalis called out with a wavering voice as she stumbled to her hooves.“Chrysalis, hey… I didn’t mean to…”“And yet you did,” she laughed, “You and her… Where does she even hide all that love?”“I don’t hide anything my Queen, that was all from what you saw.”“Nonsense!” she cackled, “I’ve never seen a Changeling extract that much love, nor a creature bear such quantity!”“I told you she was special,” you smiled.“Indeed she is. I’ve known it for a while, but this was a surprise even to me,” Chrysalis hummed, sauntering up to Metamora. While she stared quizically up at her Queen, Chrysalis wasted no time, darting in for a wet kiss. She pushed hard against Metamora, causing her to fall on her back hooves and eventually topple over onto her back. Chrysalis still didn’t stop kissing, lowering herself onto the smaller Changeling and writhing gently against her. You could tell that Chrysalis’s tongue had entered the fray as Metamora’s eyes unfocused and she moaned loudly into the kiss.“This has got to be the hottest thing I’ve ever seen. Fuck, where’s Pharynx when you need to rub off in his face,” Damn it!, “I mean rub it in his face.”“Oh? Little slip of the tongue?” Metamora chuckled, breaking the kiss, “Maybe feeling a connection after you came all over him?”“Shut up, Em.”“Do you want me to shut her up?” Chrysalis asked, looking hungrily back down at Metamora.“Only if you’re going to do it like you just did.”She didn’t even hesitate, darting forward to capture her in a kiss. She even lowered herself a little more, twisting somewhat awkwardly until you realized that she was trying to line her other mouth up with Metamora for a different kind of kiss. After a few moments of contortion, she finally figured it out, eliciting a deep, muffled moan from both of them.Metamora broke free from her kiss, trying desparately to catch her breath as Chrysalis gently rocked herself against her lower body.“Q-Queen… What are you doing?”“Whatever I want,” she giggled, “I never get to thank my subjects so directly, but right now I’m going to show her how much she means to the hive.”Fuck… If that wasn’t the hottest thing you’d ever heard, then you were gay. Obviously that was the hottest thing you’d ever heard.Chrysalis had now gotten herself into a rhythm, deliberately rubbing herself over Metamora as she squirmed in delight below.“Oh shit… I know that squirm… You’re gonna make her cum soon!” you narrate.Well, you were right. Within a few seconds, Metamora started convulsing rapidly, gasping and moaning as she writhed.“C-Chrysalis!” she screamed, wrapping her hooves around her Queen’s neck to pull her in for another kiss.“God this couldn’t get any better,” you mused, taking hold of your now stiff dick and stroking gently.“I don’t know this god of yours, but after we’re done you’re only going to be praying to me.” Chrysalis declared“Oh, I’m fairly certain it will be the other way around. You’ve never taken dick like mine,” you bragged, “Now get ready.”You watched Chrysalis lift herself up in anticipation, waggling her hips seductively.“So how do you want-”“Fuck me just like her,” she demanded, “And you better not cum before I do.”“That’s never been a problem, right Em?” you asked, walking forward and lining up for entry.She just nodded, looking away sheepishly.“Then put your dick in!”You thrust into her and immediately you could tell the difference from what you’d experienced with Metamora. Being inside Chrysalis was definitely more intense, but it felt almost mechanical, much different from what you were used to with Em. Nonetheless, having her just inches away made up for it.“S-So much…” Chrysalis squealed as your rock hard cock spread her in ways you imagine she’d been missing for quite some time.You kept sinking into her, meeting more resistance than you expected as you went. She was actually tight, a significant surprise given her size.“Fuck, if you were any tighter I’d swear you were a virgin.”“I’ve bedded many a creature before, Anon. Don’t think you’ve earned the pride of being my first…” she lead, “But it has been so long. I’ve needed this for so long.”“You’re the Queen,” you wonder, starting to pull back out, “Can’t you get this whenever you want?”“Yes, but my duties come first, and there is never enough time in the day for-”“Make time,” you commanded, “You know, maybe show some of your subjects they’re appreciated every once in a blue moon.”“I can’t, I have to-”“Do you have to? Can you not delegate?” you ask, starting to pick up speed as you pistoned in and out of her, “You keep complaining about how busy you are and how you have no free time, but the answer is right in front of you.”“I can’t… I can’t burden them with matters of life or death. That’s something I must handle alone. Only I can bear the pain of choosing who gets to eat, who gets to live.”“How much of my love could you store, and how long would that feed your hive?” you offer.“I-I couldn’t! You’ve already given so much, and without obligation…” Chrysalis countered, “Normally we would drain you for all the love you’re worth, but you are a gift we can’t afford to squander.”“You’re not going to take my love to feed your people just because I gave you some freely?” you ask with incredulity, “What if I gave that freely as well?”“I could maybe…” she started, “But that much love - it would surely kill you!”“That’s what Metamora said the first time we fucked, but she was wrong. And I’m fairly certain I’m producing a lot more love now.”“Metamora…” Chrysalis thought, “Your love for her does seem to be more potent and available…”“You hear that, Em” you whisper to the long-neglected Changeling below you, “You have to fuck me, for survival!”“You know, it’d be a shame if Metamora felt left out…” Chrysalis giggled, her horn lighting up. A green projection began to form above her, coalescing into a thick stallionhood that was just as thick as your tool but a few inches shorter.“You’re not gonna…” you whispered.“Oh, I sure am.” The magical cock flew down to where it was needed most, pressing gently against the entrance to Metamora’s sex.“Nooo…” she protested weakly, “I-I can’t take it.”“Since when haven’t you been able to take it? You’ve taken everything I’ve given you…” you ask, “Chrysalis, do it.”You listened as the magic tool pressed itself forward gently, coaxing Metamora to open up as it tried to sink inside her. As it made progress, she let out one long moan that faded into nothingness as she ran out of breath. Quickly you started increasing your pace, Chrysalis mirroring your actions with her phallic aura as it speared Metamora open wide. You realized that you wanted more though. You needed more.“Chrysalis,” you grunted, “I’m going to-”“You’re cumming? Finally!”“Heh, nope… I was just saying that I’m going to take things up a bit.”“M-More?” she squealed, tensing at the thought.“Well you haven’t cum yet…”“Oh fffuck… Anon, I haven’t cum in so long…”“Then get ready,” you commanded, bearing down on her with all your weight. You brought one arm around her midsection, snaking it back between her legs to rub at that little bud at the tip of her slit.“I-I…” she moaned softly, “I’m gonna, oh Anon I’m actually going to…”She shuddered “Cummmmm,” she screamed. Her horn arced, green sparks hitting various nearby surfaces with seemingly no effect. Unseen to you, the ethereal dick spearing Metamora open responded in kind to Chrysalis’s actions, spewing forth magical energy into Metamora. Before long she too was whining and writhing around, on the floor, covered in a mixture of her and her Queen’s juices. She too squealed from the throes of orgasm, finally giving Chrysalis the chance to withdraw the magical appendage.“Keep going?” you asked, hopeful.“Yes please!” she nodded.“Shit, Em… I’m so glad you let me do this.”“I-I… You’re going to have to finish me off too when you’re done with her.”“It’s a promise.”You felt yourself finally getting near to that edge that you couldn’t come back from, a pressure rising inside you with each thrust. Only a bit more before you emptied yourself inside her.“Oh fuck Chrysalis… you feel so good. I love y-”You heard a noise and realized suddenly that there was one less creature in the room.“Fuck, did I just…”“You sure did,” Chrysalis confirmed, “And you didn’t even mean it either.”“Shit, I-I… I wasn’t thinking, I…”“What are you doing telling me? Go find her and tell her!”“You’re right.”Schlorp.“Uh… How do I get back to the place…”“Em, come on!” you whined, “You know I didn’t mean it!”“You’ve never meant it!” she cried, “How didn’t I see it earlier. You… You’re just like us.”“You don’t believe that. You know how I feel about you.”“Do I? You told me that- that…” she squeaked, “You told me it was real and I believed you!”“Em, it is real. Every bit of it. The part where I love you, the part where you’re the best thing I’ve ever had, the part where I always find a way to ruin that,” you explain, “But this time I can’t bear to lose you. I need you in so many different ways.”“You need me to get your dick wet! And I would have been fucking fine with that if you were just straightforward about it.”“That’s not all. I- I-” you started, fighting tears, “I need you because you’re the only thing I have. I need you because you’ve been wonderful to me, even though it goes against your nature. I need you because I’m in a completely insane fucking alternate dimension or some shit and for once in my god damn fucking waste of a life I found something I love more than myself. I wouldn’t make it if I lost you.”“That’s exactly what I mean. You think you love me because I’m convenient. I’m there for you because I need you too. I need your love, I needed you to get me out of the castle. We need eachother, Anon. But that’s all this is.”“Em, you’re not…” you say, “Tell me that’s not all you think this is.”“No, Anon. There’s nothing more to us. Chrysalis was right. We’re a symbiosis. You give me your love, I give you companionship. Somehow it works out, but that’s not love. Love is…”“Love is what, Em? What would you know about it?” you growled.“Love is…” she paused, clearly taken aback from your words, “Love isn’t real. It’s always a lie built on other lies. I should know. You should know. We’ve been doing nothing but lying to each other about this since this started.”“Isn’t that what you fucking wanted?” you asked, “You said it yourself. All I am is a fucking meal to you, Em. If this is all fake then why the fuck do you care so damn much. Why do I care so much?”“Because I- I-” she paused, “You broke me. You convinced me to build this fragile, delicate piece inside of me, telling me you’d keep it safe, that you’d help it grow, that you’d make it strong… But all you’ve done is made me weak.”“All I’ve done?” you laughed, “I’ve done fucking everything for you. I kept your secret. I fed you all the love I could. I kept myself from freaking the fuck out at every possible second. If either of us should be broken, it’s me,” you paused, catching your breath, “Do you understand how fucking weird it is for me? All of the sudden the world I know is gone and I wake up with a fucking monster staring at me.”“You-” she hiccuped, fresh tears joining those already staining her cheeks, “You think I’m a monster?”“Wait, Em, that’s not…”“No. It is. That’s all I’ve ever been. That’s all any Changeling has ever been.”“No, that’s not what I-” you stopped, collecting your thoughts, “I did think that, at first. You were terrifying and strange and I thought you were going to kill me! But then you didn’t. At first I didn’t even really want to fuck you. You looked weird and you stand on four hooves and I could barely make sense of what’s between your legs…”She didn’t respond quite yet, content for a moment to let you finish your thought.“But you weren’t that for long. After that first time, well… it stopped being so weird. It stopped being, you know, just a biological thing. It started being less something to do because my dick was hard and more something that made my dick hard thinking about it.”“I can understand that. I was the familiar option.”“No, Em. You’re not hearing me. I’m attracted to you. Of all the things that I thought I would never say, I’m attracted to a fucking horse!”“Anon!”“Sorry… Pony, er Changeling… Whatever. The important part is that I’m attracted to you. At first it was a sex thing, sure. You were orders of magnitude more convenient than anything else before. But it stopped being just that. That night in the shower… Something changed. I saw through your disguise then.”“Anon I wasn’t wearing a disguise then.”“No, you were. It’s the same one that you always wear. The strong, tough shell that you want everyone to think is the real you… that melted away then. You were just… You. A gentle, caring, hopeful lover, the part of yourself that you hide because you’re terrified of it. The part of myself I hide because it only ever hurt me.”She looked up at you, a thought brewing, “We really are one and the same, aren’t we.”“In a lot of ways, yes. We’re both lonely, we both want something we’ve never had, we both have deep insecurities about ourselves,” you chuckled, “And we’re both the fucking worst at emotions.”“Hey! I did fine before you came along and started asking me to feel things.”“You’re doing fine now too, bugbutt. I know it’s complicated and messy and I’m probably the single worst person to experience all of it with, but I’m trying my best, Em. I’m doing it for you.”“I’m… You know I’m trying too, right?”“Of course silly, I don’t need fucking fireworks to know that you’re trying. I can feel it.”“You’ve been able to sense emotions this whole time and you didn’t tell me?”“No, that’s not… you don’t need to be able to detect love to know when it’s there.”“How does that work?”“I don’t know, but it feels… It feels warm. Like coming in from the cold on a snowy day, or taking a hot shower first thing in the morning… It makes everything feel just a little more alright.”“I hope I’ve made you feel a little more than alright.”“Oh, more than you could possibly know, you sexy bug. But this feeling, it’s always there. It’s latent, a constant reminder of the fact that we belong together.”“It’s always there…” she thought, “You mean you haven’t been feeding me this entire time?”“Wait, you feel it too?”“I thought you were just feeding me . Ever since, I don’t know… sometime in Canterlot. It’s just been constant and intoxicating and… well why do you think I’ve been spending more time on your dick than off lately?”“Em, you know you can spend as much time on my dick as you want.”“Don’t,” she stopped you, “Don’t cheapen this.”“Sorry, I just… It’s baked in, you know.”“Well you can’t ruin the moment if you can’t talk…” she said, walking over to you. She beat her wings to get a little bit more height, levitating exactly at face level. Before you could figure out what she was doing, you felt her mouth meet yours, her tongue begging to taste yours. This kiss… It was different. Not in technique or pace… it felt more meaningful.You broke the kiss, knowing for the first time, maybe since you got here, that no matter what everything would be fine.“I’m still mad at you for saying that to her, you fucking idiot.”“How can I make it up to you?”“I don’t know. But I know how you can start.”“Oh?”“Lay down first.”“Em, you’re not saying you…”“Just lay down damnit. I’m still horny from earlier, and you’ve been talking about fucking me this entire time, and if you really mean what you said I need to feel it.”“Wait, you really want to… After what I did? Um, I…” you trailed off, walking over to her bed and laying on it, “Whatever you wish, my Queen.”“Stop that! I’m not even disguised as her,” she grumbled adorably, moving to climb onto the bed next to you, “Just… Just, say those words.”You paused. Those three words had gotten you in so much trouble over your life. This might be the first time they got you out of it. Either way, you knew for sure; this time you meant it.“I love you, Metamora. I always will.”“H-Hive… Every time you say that I always feel like I’m going to explode. You don’t have any idea how powerful those words are.”“Oh, I know exactly how much I make you squirm when I say…”“Anon, don’t-”“I love you.”“Hha… Stop-”“I love you, Em.”“Anon, damnit don’t you-”“I love you.”“Nhh… You-”“I love you so much.”“Anon, I swear to the fucking hive if you-”“I’ll always love you.”“Stop!” she screamed, one wingbeat lifting her up from beside you. She landed back on top of you forcefully.“I lo-” you started, feeling something covering your mouth. Something warm, wet… Wait did she just sit on your face?“Try fucking talking now.”You had a better idea. Actions spoke louder than words, did they not?“Hha… shit… This was a mistake.”God how you loved to make her squirm. Why was that so damn sexy? Whatever the reason, it was. You just kept at it, licking along her rapidly moistening slit.“Oh!” she squealed, “N-never mind. Not a mistake. Definitely not a mistake.”Damn right. You knew you had a long road ahead of you to make it up to your sweet, sweet mare. But if this could even go an inch of it, it was worth it. Shit, even if it went nowhere, you’d still do it. But you knew it did mean something.“Anon, hive, don’t stop… Please!” she begged as she started to rock herself against you.Heh, she thought you were going to stop. How fucking wrong she was. You only dialed up the speed, bringing your hands up to spread her pussy wide as you gave it all the attention you could. With your hands spreading her wide, you had much easier access to all the points of interest. You could lick her throbbing clit, guaranteeing a scream of pleasure. You could draw your tongue along her, leading her to press herself against you with more and more force. Or your favorite, you could thrust your tongue deep inside her, wriggling it around and watching her squirm at the completely foreign sensation.“T-Two can play at this game, pervert,” she warned ominously. Suddenly you felt a warmth enveloping your dick, but her position hadn’t changed at all. You looked down from the small gap in your vision that she still afforded you and… shit, she was stroking you off with her magic.Well she was right. Two can play at this game, but you didn’t fucking lose. You never fucking lost. And now was not going to be the first time. You pulled one hand away, leaving the other holding back her folds with a thumb. After awkwardly repositioning your hand for what you wanted to do, you staged two fingers at her entrance, rubbing lightly at her clit to moisten them and give her just the smallest taste of what was to come. Or who was to cum…“Oh Anon… D-Don’t you dare!”Too late. You plunged those fingers into her, immediately seeking out her g-spot. You knew well where it sat now, and it was positioned almost perfectly, just before your fingers ran out of length. You paused with a firm pressure against it, then you just dialed up that pressure as she kept squirming more and more. She came hard.“We’re not stopping there, are we?” she asked, stroking you faster.No. No you weren’t stopping there.“Anon, that was amazing…” Metamora swooned, laying on top of you. Just the feeling of her lying on you was serene bliss, equally as good as anything that came before. In this moment, the world was at peace.“I can’t believe you made me cum… how many times was it again?” you asked, feeling the first signs of soreness in your horribly abused dick.“I lost count… Less times than I did.”“Honestly, Em. I’m not sure how you’re still in one piece. That was something else.”“You’re something else,” she purred, nuzzling your cheek.“Do you believe me now? I mean sex isn’t everything, but was that enough love to prove my point?” Wow, what a day. You never thought you’d ever value something more than sex, but hearing yourself say those words, you knew they were true.“I’m sorry Anon. I never should have doubted you.”“Em, that’s not how this works. You should absolutely hold me accountable when I fuck up. I did something stupid and it hurt you in ways I didn’t even understand. If you didn’t tell me and just bottled it up, that would be a problem.”“You’re right. But we shouldn’t fight like that. That was…”“Ugly,” you finished, “Yeah. I’m sorry about that too.”“It’s okay… We got through it. Just like we’ll keep doing, right?”“Right. We can get through anything. I love you.”“I lo-” she paused, grimacing, “Ow!”“Em, it’s okay you don’t have to…”“Ouch! Ow! Hive, it burns!” she screamed.“What’s going on?”“Please! Make it stop!”“Em, what’s going on. Tell me what’s happening!”“I’m… Anon it hurts so much!” she cried.“Calm down and tell me what’s happening,” you begged, pulling her tight to you, not knowing what else to do.“S-Stop! That’s only making it worse!” she yelled, thrashing violently to get out of her grasp. As soon as she freed herself she tried to use her wings to get away from the bed, only managing to tumble through the air and land on the ground awkwardly.“Come on! Tell me what the fuck is going on!” you demanded, launching to your feet as well.She breathed sharply for a moment, not saying anything, just shivering and taking deep, heavy breaths.“Em, this isn’t normal. I’m freaking the fuck out, come on.”“It’s-” she grunted through clenched teeth, “It’s gonna be fine, just wait.”“Just wait? You look like you’re about to have an aneurysm!”“I’m fine,” she hissed, relaxing just a little bit, “Just give me a minute.”“Fine! Just tell me what the fuck is happening!”She paused, not answering you immediately. She just continued to breathe deeply, occasional shivers of pain running through her and eliciting small groans from her. “Anon, This is…” she paused, clutching her stomach, “I think this is metamorphosis. I’m going to be a Queen. I’m going to-”“Oh god, you’re going to get stuck in a cocoon and leave me alone to fend for myself and prevent you from being detected so Chrysalis doesn’t rip you from your cocoon and eat your intestines to absorb your power!”“Wait, what?”“I can just see it now - Twenty two, uh, chapters… of nail-biting suspense as I have to singlehandedly juggle all this responsibility!”“What are you talking about?”“I can see it, I dreamed it! We need to conceal your cocoon somewhere! Quick-”“You really have the weirdest imagination. No, metamorphosis is usually quick for Changelings, in fact…” she froze, “Fuck.”Flash.“Ugh that doesn’t get any more fun the third time around.”“Oh my god, I was so worried! I saw your entire life flash before my eyes,” you paused, contemplating what you just said, “That sounds weirder than I thought it would…”“Well, how do I look?” Metamora asked, twirling in place. Before you stood a creature remarkably similar to Queen Chrysalis. There were significant changes, however. Where Chrysalis had a disheveled green nest of hair tangling down her neck, Metamora bore a long, flowing pink ether that danced to and fro as if they were alive, much like that of Luna or Celestia. The odd hole seemed to interrupt the shimmering volume here and there, similar to the holes still in her legs. Where Chrysalis had transparent bluish wings atop her green and teal carapace, you could only see the tips of her wings poking out from under her carapace, a kind of pearlescent effect to them. Her carapace itself was a vibrant magenta, contrasting with her hair so wonderfully. But, just like they drew you in when you first met, the most spectacular part of her new form were her eyes. They had taken the cat-eyed design that Chrysalis bore, but her irises were that same purple that colored Pharynx’s eyes. God you could look at her for an eternity, just… She was beautiful, in a way that you’d never have thought you’d appreciate; even though you had grown to love her previous form, this was a whole new level.Of course now it was time to sum up all that you had thought, trying to bring words to something that defied them. But as you tried to string your thoughts together, you felt a chilling presence approaching you, something that set you off-kilter.“Quite beautiful. The third metamorphosis is always such a thing of wonder. It’s such a shame though…”“Wait Chrysalis no!” you screamed, turning around and getting into a grappling pose to catch her before she could lunge for Metamora.“No what?” Chrysalis asked, tilting her head to the side.“You’re going to take advantage of her freshly metamorphosed state and turn her internal organs into a pudding, leaving her empty exoskeleton as a trophy to hang upon your wall, a warning to those who cross you.”“Hive, I’m going to be sick,” Metamora coughed.“He really does have the weirdest imagination, you’re right,” Chrysalis agreed.“You’re killer murderbugs of doom! There has to be a bloody fight to the death, right here, right now!” you scream, “I can’t let you two kill each other!”“Anon, hey…” Metamora started, placing one of her now queen-sized hooves on your shoulder, “Calm down, no one is killing anypony. This is actually a fairly normal occurrence.”“Yes,” Chrysalis acquiesced, “A new queen means potential for a new hive, a chance to double our ranks, a chance to become more powerful. I couldn’t be more proud to see one of my most talented little Changelings rise to the occasion.”“Huh? I just figured you’d be jealous of her.”“We don’t get jealous, Anon. We get stronger.” Metamora explained.“That’s rich coming from you, Em. You still have a grudge against Luna, Twilight, probably Chrysalis, maybe even Aphelion...”“Shut up!”“She’s right though. I myself was the third standing Queen when I ascended. It was such a wonderful moment. Something I thought I might never see with my own eyes. I’m so glad that I did, though. You can’t know how proud I am. Even in these dark times, this- this is hope.”“I’m so happy,” Metamora cried, “Never in my wildest dreams did I think I would ever come close to you, my Queen.”“I’m no longer your Queen, Metamora. We are one and the same. You’ve certainly proved that to be true since you’ve been here, and now you show that power in this new form. …Although this is quite a marked departure from the traditional appearance.”“She looks  like she stole Pharynx's, colors. Just better looking.”“Pharynx, Hive bless him,” Chrysalis snarked, “he’s always been a bit odd. Not near as strange as his brother, but they were both oddities.”“You’re trying to say that they’re gay, right?”“Anon!” Metamora chided.“Hah! Their orientation is none of my concern, although I’ve known them to both be flexible when the need arises. What I mean is that they were both unprecedentedly… expressive? Much like you have been of late, Metamora.”“Hear that, Em! You’re fuckin’ gayyy.”“Anon, do you ever stop?” Chrysalis asked, her shock standing in lieu of Metamora’s.“Sorry. I’ll shut up.”“Anyway, Metamora. I can’t say that I’m disappointed. Your new form is clearly a vestige of this love that you’ve found, and that you’ve formed within yourself. I am sorry I did not believe you earlier, but if your Anon’s love is enough to transform you on the spot, surely I must admit I was wrong. You look delightful, even if your mane does look like one of those pony princesses.”“And you’re taller now!” you winked, “You know what that means.”“Can it wait for at least fifteen minutes? I’m still sore and the metamorphosis isn’t helping.”“Oh my,” Chrysalis giggled, a sound that nowhere near befit her personality. “Hey Anon, close your eyes for a moment.”You did as you were asked, even holding your hands over your eyes for added concealment. You heard whispers from Chrysalis and giggles from Metamora, hooves shuffling to one side of you as their conversation subsided.“Alright, you can open your eyes now, Anon.” Chrysalis said, her voice coming from behind you. You opened your eyes and turned toward the source of the sound, seeing the two identical Changelings standing in front of you. They had both taken the image of Metamora’s new form.“Who’s who, Anon?” they both asked in unison, voices identical as well.“This is an old Changeling ritual,” one of them started.“A young Changeling would be asked to find the impostor,” the other added.“An older Changeling would be asked to remain undetected,” the first continued.“Of course it’s not really fair asking you. You don’t have magic, you can’t see emotions… Really I doubt you’ll be able to figure it out.”You paused and looked them over, staring intently at one and then the other. Eventually you settled on the one on your right, taking a knee and reaching out to cup her chin in your hand.“You can’t hide from me, Em. I’ll always know you, nothing could stop that.” You taunted lovingly, leaning in to kiss her gently. A lone tear ran down her cheek as her breath hitched in her throat.A nearby green flash and Chrysalis’s voice confirmed what you already knew.“Never have I known a Changeling Queen to have been loved as she were, Metamora. Consider yourself very lucky. You are destined for great things, I can already tell. Were you not such a strong and deserving Changeling, I might find myself jealous. But instead I am filled with hope and excitement.”“It’s okay Chrysalis, I’m sure you can find someone that will fill you with more than pride and accomplishment or whatever,” you joked, making lewd hand gestures.“You are so crass, Anon. This is the most important moment of your love’s life and you would make a sex joke of it?”“I’m just so proud of my little bugbutt that I can’t help but crack some bad jokes. I love you, Em.”“I-I…”“Shh… You don’t need to say a word.” Chrysalis soothed, wrapping a hoof around Metamora and drawing her into an embrace. “My kingdom, and all things in it belong now to you as well.” She mirrored your actions and kissed the newly minted queen just as you had.You were still kneeling down with a front-row seat to this touching display, your heart fluttering as you could sense the mutual admiration between these two creatures.Within moments you felt an unmistakable stirring in your loins as your queenbreaker moved to make itself known. Were you wearing pants they surely would have been vaporized by the sheer physics-breaking event of your enormous dick’s current rise to power.“God damnit. I just got rid of you!” You chastised your dick, loud enough to draw the attention of your amour and her former queen. Except where you expected a look of disgust or even mild disappointment all you saw was hunger. And then you hit the floor.Fuck.You woke up late, just like any other day, your phone buzzing that awful melody you’d grown to hate so much. But you’d already snoozed your alarm twice, and you’d rather get up than hear that screeching cry again. Carefully, you rolled to face the edge of your bed, unconsciously looking to the floor as you seek unblemished space to plant your feet. You really should clean up. How long had it been? Weeks? Months? Did it matter?A lazy rolling motion brought you to your feet, weakly moving yourself into an upright position. Why did it always feel like no matter how much sleep you got, it was never enough. You always woke up wishing that you could just sleep a little longer, a lot longer, forever? No, not that. You weren’t going to think like that. You just wish you had a reason to wake up. Something to wake up to, someone to wake up to. But no matter how hard you tried, you always managed to fuck that shit up before you even got started. Maybe you just needed to learn how to be okay with waking up alone. Yeah, that’s probably the most sane answer, probably the only answer.Well, you were up either way. Nothing to do but go on with your daily routine. You shuffled over to your closet, looking through the crumpled shirts on the floor and picking out another of your shitty graphic tees. You don’t know why you even bothered. The words were different, but they were all the same, no one ever thought they were funny anyway. You rummaged around grabbing the rest of the complements of your outfit. Pants, underwear, socks. Fuck, you hated this pair of pants. Whatever, they did their job.A few more steps brought you to the bathroom, instinct driving you to flip on the lights and cringe as your sleep-filled eyes resisted the change in brightness. With your eyes closed, in a ritual you were intimately familiar with, you turned on the faucet just so, letting the warm water play over your outstretched hand. Satisfied with the temperature, you pulled the knob on the faucet, listening as the pipes groaned their dissatisfaction. The showerhead burst forth with life, raining down upon the now-slick tub. Once more you checked the temperature, letting the watter coat your entire arm. You knew it would be the same, but you had to test it nonetheless. It was a compulsion you couldn’t escape.Not the only thing you couldn’t escape, you thought, stepping into the forming steam of your shower. You felt the heat of the shower, that sharp pain of too-hot water that you needed to wake up. The dancing sting of it as you stood there, allowing the water to just abuse you, maybe bring just a little warmth to your cold, dead heart. No, that would never happen.The rest of it was a blur, shampoo, soap, lather, rinse, towel, dry. Done. Put on clothes, brush teeth, slip into a deep existential dread, just all part of the morning routine. You grabbed your keys and left, just like you did every morning.Your drive to work was just as bad as it was every morning. You’d call it a commute, but you were still a literal child in an adult’s body. Somehow that word seemed to carry a commitment you weren’t willing to consider. So it was just an hour long drive that you happened to make each day. You weren’t a commuter, you were barely even a functioning member of society.You didn’t hate your job, of course not. That would be way too simplistic of a view. You liked a lot about your job, the paycheck, the fact that you weren’t sleeping on the street, some of your coworkers were even mostly okay. But overwhelmingly there were so many things you hated about your job. Your boss was a prick, and worst of all he was almost always right. Your customers were… customers; no matter how far you distanced yourself from front-line, entry-level work, you always had a customer and they were always wrong. But probably worst of all, this work was below you. You could have done so much better with your life, but you didn’t care. Maybe it was a lack of ambition, maybe it was a deep seated fear that you wouldn’t make it if you tried. Whatever it was, you knew that you shouldn’t be wasting your time doing this. But here you were.By the time lunch came around you needed three things: food, more caffeine, and something to keep you from wanting to jump out a window. You took a casual stroll to the nearby deli and ordered the same sandwich you ordered every day. You grabbed an energy drink, knowing full well each sip would push you closer to an early grave. You even grabbed some fancy looking chips you hadn’t seen before in the hope that you could fill that deep, unsustainable hole inside of you with the brief fascination of something new. You chatted with the cashier in the same way you always did, your sardonic wit somehow eliciting laughter that wasn’t a dagger to your chest. Maybe you should try your luck sometime, maybe you’d rather not fuck something else up.The minutes of your lunch couldn’t have ticked by faster if you wanted them to. Before you knew it, it was back to the grind. Maybe you’d take a little more pride in what you did if it weren’t so god damn autonomous. Maybe one day they’d replace you with a robot, maybe in one last moment of mercy they’d even let the robot kill you. No, you really needed to stop thinking like that. You knew you didn’t want to die, but you really weren’t excited about living either. Whatever, as much as it all felt like a hopeless waste, there was always that little voice in your head telling you that it’d eventually get better. You were still waiting.“I need you to stay late today” - how many times had you heard those words.Well fuck it, you at least got an hour for dinner. So back to that deli, back to that same sandwich, actually fuck it! It was time to try something new, even if you hated it. So instead of the sandwich, you grabbed a box and started filling it up from the hot food bar. Mashed potatoes, something that was once chicken, maybe some of that mac n’ cheese, whatever else looked at least bearable, and one token vegetable, Mom would be proud. More energy drink though. Actually, on second thought you might as well get one for later too. Different cashier, he did not think you were funny.Eight hours became ten, ten became twelve, and by the time you left it might as well have been a year. You were always so tired, so done by the time you got to leave. Mental exhaustion gave way quickly to physical exhaustion, and you felt yourself dragging by the end of the day, cursing yourself for putting up with this. The energy drinks helped, but through all of this there was only so much you could deal with before you just stopped.Finally, you were done. Fucking finally. Car, music, stick of gum, gearshift, accelerator, shit you were low on gas.You pulled into the well lit gas station just a few blocks down the road, cursing the fact that it had definitely jumped since you drove this morning. Whatever, it was all wasted anyway, a product fully consumed in the furtherance of your empty life, and just like everything else it left a stain of toxicity on the environment around you. Just like everything it was there one moment then gone the next; nothing ever lasted. Fuck did your car eat gas, turning the irreplaceable fruit of the earth into temporary power, propelling you forward into the mundane unknown, launching you at whatever challenge or hardship waited around the next corner.Turning out of the gas station you finally realized how dead it was. The last drips of traffic had long since unclogged from the arteries of the city, leaving perfectly empty road in front of you, a brief game of two-ton metal PacMan prefacing your long road ahead as you weaved your way out of downtown. You merged onto the highway with practiced ease, your efforts hastened by the lack of cars to squeeze between. If there was any solace in heading home so late, it’s that there was seldom a car to get in your way. There was no traffic, there was no waiting. There was only you, your giant metal cocoon, and the wide, open road.Driving was always your favorite way to relieve stress. No matter how you drove, it put you at ease. You could go fast, you could go slow. You could weave between traffic, or just go with the flow. You could take the scenic route, or squeeze through that ill-advised shortcut to save a minute or two. But tonight, tonight you were content just to drive. The interspersed streetlights cast their warm, amber glow, lighting the way forward unlike everything else in your life. The road told you where to go, but it didn’t demand it of you. It gave you choices, provided you options, let you choose the speed, the direction. It was a framework that guided you to your destination, something your life had always lacked.You were so damn tired, you could fall asleep right here. But you couldn’t fall asleep yet, you still had more to go. You definitely couldn’t fall asleep in your comfortable seat, in your warm car, cruising down the highway as the soft bumps blended together in a calm, soothing rhythm. You surely couldn’t afford to close your eyes for a bit. No, you’d just pop in another stick of gum, letting the sharp cut of peppermint keep you alert for a bit longer. Maybe a second stick just to keep the flavor there for a bit longer, to give you something more to concentrate on, to take your mind off of just how relentlessly sleepy you had become. It was just a couple more miles after all, just a little bit longer and then you’d be home. It was just a couple more miles after all…There wasn’t anyone in front of you for a while, it would be okay. You let your eyes close for the briefest of moments. You reveled in the serene calmness of your sleep-adjacent state. You opened your eyes back up, feeling briefly better about your current state, still chugging down the road at speed, still going to get home and immediately climb into your warm, soft, comforting bed. You closed your eyes once again.Just a little bit longer…Shit. How long had you nodded off. Was it a minute, was it five? You scrambled briefly in your temporary alertness to find some indicator of how far you’d gone. You looked at the clock, except you couldn’t remember what time it had been when you closed your eyes. You looked for a mile marker, but you can’t remember how many miles back it was. It wasn’t too far though, your exit was still ahead. You’d be fine. You can relax, just chill out and let your eyes shut for just a second longer.And then you’d be…Fuck, that’s your exit. Good thing nobody’s there to see you launch across three lanes of traffic and immediately slam on the brakes. Whatever, you made it. Just a little bit longer down this sleepy suburban road and you’d be there. Just a little bit longer to wait. Just a little bit longer to relax. Just a little bit longer to let sleep take over. Just a little bit longer to let go of the wheel. Just a little bit longer and then you’d be…Home“Move! Move! Move!”“Clear Left!”“Clear Right!”“Clear to target, Move!”There was a shuffling of hoofsteps as four all-white royal guards advanced through the halls of the hive, quickly and with purpose.“Breach on three. One,”Four heavy thuds resonated against the wall next to the doors.“Two”The sound of magical energy crackled to life as the two leading unicorns lit their horns.“Three, Breach! Breach! Breach!”The doors flew open, all three occupants of the room knocked to the ground from the blast.You reached for your chest instinctively, trying to figure out why it was so difficult to breathe all of the sudden. Nothing seemed wrong, other than the fact that you were all of the sudden on the ground and your ears, god did your ears hurt. To one side of you, there was a brief green flash. To the other side you caught a glimpse of four distinct figures, white with what seemed like gold barding covering them.“We have visual. Restrain and exfil. Priority target is the human.”Restrain? What the fuck was going on. You looked around more suspiciously, the four royal guards coming in to focus. What were royal guards doing in the Changeling hive. You felt something hit you, like a splash of water but somehow more annoying. You shook it off, trying to convince your legs to cooperate and get you back on your feet.“Shit, it’s not working! Hit him again.”You felt a more painful sting as you rolled onto your hands and knees. What in the world was happening? Why the fuck were you being attacked. Shit! You were being attacked. Alright, reaction mode.“Sir, he’s not going down, what do we do?”You slowly got to your feet, turning around to survey the room and figure out a plan of action. Four guards clustered near the door, no easy way through them. No way out behind you either, just a Changeling crumpled on the ground. Wait- only one? Shit, one of them must have gotten free. Which one was left? It could have been Em, you had to do something.“Who has less than lethal?”“I do sir. Ready to fire.”“Knock him the fuck out.”You felt a numbing sensation spread across your back before it too seemed to just melt away. Man this was really fucking annoying. You wheeled on the source of the attack, staring down a youthful looking stallion with a fire that could melt steel. He wavered slightly as your gaze locked on to him.“Hit him again!”The stallion you  were watching lit his horn and hit you with that same blast. Except this time you were fucking done with his shit. His spell hit you directly in the chest but you were already in motion. You grabbed him by the horn, forcing his head back and putting him a bit off balance, bringing your other fist around to hammer the side of his face repeatedly.“Captain, he's attacking Sunbolt, what do we do?”“I know exactly what we do,” the Captain said, something familiar about his voice even though you had never heard it before. No, he was that guard, and as soon as you realized it, you saw where he was looking. “What do you say, human? Round two? I won’t miss this time.”“No,” you whispered, the fight draining from you as you unclenched your now bloodied fist and let go with your other hand. The unicorn you were holding slumped down, maybe lifelessly, maybe just passed out.“That’s what I thought,” he smirked. “Stand still and this will all be over before you know it.”“No I-” you tried. Except your familiar adversary had already leapt at you, somehow knocking you over despite his smaller stature and lighter weight. As he tried to pin you down, losing ground to your comparative strength, suddenly you felt your arms and legs bound together, looking at them only to find that rope held them together. “Get the fuck off of me!”“I don’t think so,” he snarled, “You’ll be coming with us this time.”You felt a hoof clock you in much the same way you had been beating on that other stallion. You could feel the consciousness fading from you as you started to pass out.“Alright boys, let’s head home. I’ve got priority target. Lance, cover triage and exfil for Sunbolt. And Spire, bring that abomination back with you.”“I wondered when you’d wake up,” a strangely familiar maternal voice called out. “They tell me you were quite combative back there.”Your eyes fluttered open, taking in the sight before you. Why didn’t you recognize that voice, you definitely knew who it belonged to.“That came as no surprise to me, not after your earlier escape. That’s why I sent my best guards to bring you back.”“C-Celestia?” you grumbled, coming further to your senses. The room was cold, dark, and candlelight to either side of you appeared to be the only thing bringing any light to the windowless space. You assessed your current position, realizing that you were bound with chains to the wall of wherever this was.“That’s me,” she smiled. You were having trouble making sense of her tone, she sounded happy, almost exuberant, but there was an anger in her voice too. An anger directed at you.“What are you-” you started, straining against your restraints, “Let me go!”“Oh that’s not going to be part of the plan,” she laughed, “No, I won’t be letting you out of here anytime soon. You’re a dangerous, vile creature, and I’d sooner die than let you see the light of my sun again.”“What the fuck!” you yelled, trying to come to grips with a lifetime of dungeon imprisonment.“What the fuck indeed,” she spat, “You conceal a Changeling in our midst, you assault my guards, you assault me, and you further collaborate with the enemy upon your escape. You’re lucky I don’t have you beheaded.”“Beheaded? Holy shit, aren’t you guys supposed to be fucking sunshine and rainbows? Since when did beheading become a fun family past time?”“I do what is required to defend my kingdom. You may not see the danger you’ve brought, but your actions already stand to cost countless lives.”“You’re a fucking coward,” you snap, “You lock up everything that scares you. You locked up your sister for a thousand years because you couldn’t control her. You’re locking me up because I’m unpredictable.”“Quiet, beast,” she growled, drawing closer to you in anger.“And most of all, you locked up your own fucking heart because you’re terrified of what would happen if you showed compassion.”“You shut your mouth, you know nothing!”“I know everything. I know it because I did the same in my world. I could either be rational or emotional, and emotions only hurt me. I know exactly what that looks like.”“We’re nothing alike. You’re a disgusting, sex-crazed creature content to sew discord wherever you can.”“And you’re a heartless, soulless bitch. Welcome to the fucking party.”“I can’t fucking stand you. How are you so damned annoying?”“Years of practice and an enormous dick.”“I wish I could just end you right now.”“Then fucking kill me! Get it over with!”“I can’t do that quite yet,” she chuckled, her tone dark and foreboding, “I have plans for you.”“Torture then? You really are as cruel as I said.”“No, you have a lesson to learn.”“A lesson? What lesson?”“Today you’re going to learn about love. Because I’ll drain you of all the love she never could.”“You’ll what?”“You heard me right. I’m going to fuck you until you forget her and the only name you can think about is mine.”“I’ll never let you!“You don’t really have much of a choice. I’ve got you right where I want you, loverboy.”“Then-” you paused, “I- I’ll never get hard for you! ”“Oh sure you will,” she hummed, turning to face away from you, her flanks on display, tail swishing back and forth to give you brief glimpses of what was between her legs.You felt that familiar tingle, the heated warmth of blood rushing to your groin. Except every beat of your heart, every rush of new blood destined to stiffen your length, it carried a stinging stab of guilt, of disappointment, of weakness. Despite everything you told yourself, whatever loyalty you claimed you had, you couldn’t stop yourself from getting hard. You couldn’t stop yourself from wondering what it would be like. “So predictable,” she laughed, lifting her tail to the side and giving you an uninterrupted view of her - was she wet? Fuck, you wish the fact that she wanted this was not so damn sexy.“This isn’t…” you denied, wishing you could cover your growing shame with your hands.“Oh isn’t it? The creature that could get hard for anything, suddenly embarrassed by it? I wonder what could have changed?”“Stop. I don’t want to fuck you.”“Huh, that’s right isn’t it?” Celestia wondered, “I don’t need to be able to sense emotions to know something is different between you and that Changeling.”“I love her! Which is why I’d never-”“You love a lie, which is why you can’t help yourself from getting hard for me, you pathetic little thing. You can’t even look away from my perfect ass, can you?”“Stop it! This is rape!”“Oh, didn’t you get hard, though? Soon enough you’ll be thrusting that dick deep inside me, and I promise it will be tenfold better than anything you’ve ever had before. I know you’ll enjoy it. Just like you did with Luna, and Twilight, and whatever else you’ve fucked by now. It’s a long list, isn’t it? You don’t have a single shred of loyalty in you to that thing.”“You wouldn’t even know! You’re as incapable of love as you claim they are. She’s the most true, honest creature I’ve met since I’ve gotten here, and I owe her my loyalty. I promised her my love.”“Well then wouldn’t it be such a shame if she had to watch while you fucked me?” Celestia hinted, “She’s such a fragile thing, defiling herself with the false hope of true love. Something like this, it just might destroy her. I don’t think she could bear to see how much you’d enjoy it.”“Celestia, this isn’t okay! Stop!”“Why don’t we give her a front row seat?”“No, stop!” you cried. Those two words were all the control you had left over your life, and they would get you nowhere.“Guards!” she yelled, “Bring her in!”And then there she was, walked in with chains binding her four hooves together, a bit and harness on her head, and a metal band around the bottom of her horn.“Metamora!” you screamed, “Don’t watch!”“Make her watch.” Celestia demanded. One of the guards pulled at the reins of the harness and Metamora snapped to attention, snarling weakly against the bit.“Em, no… I’m so sorry. I don’t want this. I-”You felt yourself brush against the steaming flank of the sun princess, the pleasure you felt gnawing at you, a reminder that you were weak, that no matter how much you loved Metamora, you were destined to fail her now.“Oh, you don’t know how long I’ve needed this,” she sighed, repositioning yourself so your meat stood at attention a hairs breadth from her perfect pony princess pussy.“Em, you know I don’t want this. You know I only love you.”“Anon,” she whined, tears in her eyes, “What’s happening?”Somehow this all seemed to come full circle, a grand display of how you always managed to ruin everything that mattered to you. Except in this case you were entirely powerless, forced to face that dark void of hate and self-loathing inside of you.Hello darkness, my old friend. It’s been a while, hasn’t it?You felt the chains loosening against you, letting your feet hit the floor, but still keeping you bound to the wall.“Just a little last minute height adjustment before you satisfy me,” Celestia giggled, “Guards, you can wait outside. Tell no one of this and there will be a sizable reward, and she can be anything you want.”Your anger seethed at the implication. You struggled against the restraints holding you to the wall as you tried to put words to the fact that all you saw was red. She could mess with you, she could mess with your relationship, but going directly for her. That was unacceptable.“Fuck you,” you growled, gritting your teeth together.“What was that, you want to fuck me?” Celestia asked, loosening your restraints just a bit more, “Be my guest.”You slouched forward, your dick coming in the briefest contact with the scalding heat between her legs before you straightened your back.“Aw, that’s no fun now,” Celestia whined, undoing the cuffs around your wrists, leaving you held to the wall by only manacles around your ankles, “Here, I’ll even free your hands. You can do whatever you want to me. Come on, I bet you want to spank me for being such a naughty princess.”“I’m not going to fucking touch you, bitch,” you snarled, letting your arms fall to your sides.“Oh, I think you are,” she hummed in that sugary tone you now hated so much. You could feel the golden aura wrapping around your hands, pulling at them as you did your best to resist. At first she was winning, but you held strong, looking down now at the golden aura to see it being contained - consumed almost - by some kind of inky blackness.“What are you-” she started, looking over her shoulder and witnessing the resistance to her magic. “Impossible.”You could tell that she had dialed up the force on you, the golden aura swelling immensely. Somehow it only made it easier to resist, the bright light of her magic easily extinguished by that same deep black cloud of energy.“Stop resisting me!” she yelled, casting a surge of energy from her horn bright enough to turn the room white.You felt it hit you, and then you felt something inside you come loose. You felt something new, something that had been there all along, but that you had just discovered. You felt… powerful.“Oh fuck,” you realize, your tone rising as you stared back at the viscous black energy now coating your entire arm, “This shit’s mine, isn’t it?”You thought very briefly about what you wanted this ooze to do, and you decided that your first priority was to get those shackles off your feet. Easy, they just disappeared. Next priority, Metamora.“Anon what are you-” she cried out, watching as a wall of your newfound magical potential cascaded towards her. When it reached her, you watched it go to work, targeting everything restraining her and dissolving it as if soaked in acid. But your love, she was safe.“How dare you!” Celestia yelled, spinning around to face you directly once more, “I’m the princess of the sun! You can’t resist me!”“I don’t give a fuck who you think you are, don’t you ever fucking threaten her.”“You hold no power over me! I’ll do as I please!” she yelled, her horn flaring to life briefly.“No, I don’t think you will,” you corrected. Before you could even consciously command this newfound power, you watched as it jacketed her entire horn, leaving it sheathed in a dark cocoon. You could tell that she was trying to overpower you, but you only felt more energy pour into you with each attempt.“How are you…” she tried, “What do you think you’re doing?”“Fuck you,” you spat, the darkness surrounding your hands dying off, “I’m magic!”“No…” she gasped, realization and shock coloring her face. Your own realization dawned in that moment as well. It all started with that spell when you tried to escape - everyone else was affected but you weren’t. When the guards came to recapture you, nothing they did could even phase you. And now… Everything she did to resist you just fed more and more power into you. Twilight said you absorbed magic, now you knew what happened to all of it.“Oh, yes,” you smirked, pointing a finger at her and watching an unexpected bolt of pitch-black energy arc between both of you. Immediately she lost all control of her legs, crumpling to the ground. Whatever that was, it didn’t look like it hurt her.“S-Stop! I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to-” she groveled, whipping her head back and forth as she tried to ascertain why her hooves weren’t responding.“You didn’t mean to what?” you snapped, “Didn’t mean to kidnap us? Didn’t mean to try and rape me? Didn’t mean to make her watch, to tear us apart? Didn’t mean to tell your guards they could fuck her when you’re done with me? Which one didn’t you fucking mean to?”“I-I,” she sniffled, “I’m jealous, okay?”“Jealous? Jealous of fucking what?”“Of you, of her, of my sister, everyone. I just wanted to feel like a normal mare for a minute. I just wanted to feel something.”“So just like anyone, you tie me up and try to fuck me, and just to make it that extra bit more normal you go ahead and bring in the only mare I care about in this entire god-forsaken universe so she can watch you force me to betray her. Just another fucking Tuesday, am I right?”“I’m sorry,” Celestia offered, genuine sorrow in her eyes, “I just… I didn’t know what to do.”“Man I am so tired of this shit. It’s time to pass the fuck out, bitch,” you growl, the dark energy encompassing your hands again “Then we’re getting the fuck out of here, Em.”“Please,” Celestia cried, the desperation in her voice making you hesitate, “Please don’t leave me. I-I need somepony. I-I’ll do anything you ask, just don’t leave me here.”“Anon, do what she wants.”“What, Em, what are you saying?” you asked, the energy finally draining from your hands“Anon, she needs this.” Metamora offered. Celestia looked up at Metamora quizzically, but said nothing.“What she needs is to be put the fuck out. She was about to rape me and make you watch!”“You can always see straight through me, but you can’t see the pain she’s in?”“The pain she’s in? I don’t care about the pain she’s in. She wanted to hurt us!”“Why, though.” Metamora asked, pausing to let you think, “Why do you think she wanted to hurt us?”“Because we love each other, and that’s something she’s never felt!”“You’re right,” Metamora agreed, throwing a hoof gingerly over the fallen princess, “She hasn’t felt love in the way we have. And it’s time someone shared that feeling with her. Can you put your anger behind you and show her that love exists to be shared?”“Em, you’re not really asking me to fuck her better are you?”“I’m asking you to see through your anger, Anon. You’re better than that.”“You’re really okay with this?”“Anon, this is bigger than us. This is how we give back. This is how I can give back.”“Fine,” you acquiesce, “But you know I only love you, right?”“I know. And I know you’ll do this because you want her to know how wonderful that feels. But you need to love her too, you need to share that warmth.”“Em,” you caution, “After what happened…”“She needs your love. Just… mean what you say this time. I know where your heart is.”“Never in my wildest dreams did I think I’d fall in love and then have her tell me to fuck someone else.”“Oh Anon, thank you so much. Please, anything you want, I’ll make it happen.”“Stop. I’m not doing this for you. I’m doing this for Em. I don’t want your fake gratitude or your desperation. Just… You want to feel like a normal mare, right?”“I-I…”“Then let me treat you like one,” you instructed, bending your knees slightly to rest eye-to-eye with her, “Now tell me what you want.”She looked into your eyes for a long moment, a softness there that wasn’t before. Her stare turned from confusion to excitement to hope, a blush forming on her alabaster cheeks, “Would you- could you… a kiss?”You didn’t hesitate. For Em, you didn’t hesitate. At first you planned for a quick kiss, but Metamora’s words hit you again. You needed to make her feel loved. You closed your arms around her neck, playing amongst the flowing ether of her mane with one hand as the other held her tight. She leaned into the kiss, letting her tongue meet yours as they both sought to intertwine. You let her break the kiss, letting her dictate the pace.“Please,” she whimpered, “No more waiting.”“Roll over,” you commanded, letting go of her and easing her onto her back with her head still facing yours. You stepped around her, getting to all fours with your knees behind her and your hands on either side of her neck.“F-fuck… It’s really happening.”“You did this,” you chide, pointing towards your somehow still-hard dick, “Now you get to deal with it. Poetic, isn’t it?”You lowered yourself down onto her, letting your dick come in contact with her heated opening.“Aaanon…” she moaned, watching with excitement as you borrowed one hand to guide your shaft onward. You pressed forward with the slightest of pressure, feeling your head begin to spread her open. She was not near as tight as her sister, unsurprising given her larger stature, but you could tell that your slow approach was still having a significant effect on her.“No-Nopony’s ever been this gentle with me,” she squeaked, “I’m not made of crystal, I won’t break.”“I thought you wanted to be treated like a normal mare. This is how I treat all my mares. Right Em?”She nodded, a hoof moving suspiciously between her legs. Right on, Em.“Ah, I see why my sister was so enamored with you. Fuck, you’re better than anything I’ve ever… Uh, no offense to Atlas.”“None taken,” Metamora laughed.“Keep saying things like that and I’ll have to reward you,” you chuckle, using your free hand to seek out her love bud and rub against it.“Ah!” she squealed, her hips rocking up against you as you pumped in and out of her with slow, deliberate motions. Your hand didn’t stop either, drawing circles atop her winking clit."God I love doing that," you groaned, feeling her walls squeezing you tighter.She kept making little noises as you continued, little moans of pleasure peppering the quiet, gentle tempo of your lovemaking. Before long her moans grew into cries of- …She wasn’t crying out in pleasure. You looked down at her and noticed tears in her eyes, her gaze locking on to yours once you noticed her. You stopped moving, withdrawing your hand too.“I’m so sorry,” she wailed, “Anon, I’ve made such a mistake. I-”“Shh…” you comfort, kissing softly along her neck, “We can stop if you want.”“That’s not- I don’t…” she struggled, sniffling “I mean about what happened earlier… you taught me something today. And your Changeling…”“Metamora,” you corrected, a bit of an edge to your voice.“She- There is good inside of her. ”“There’s good inside all of us, Princess,” Metamora replied, “Evil too. What defines us are our choices.”“Y-you’re right. I’m sorry you both saw the evil in me.”“Great, this was a nice family moment here, but Celestia please tell me you’re not done yet. I’m cumming in one or both of you before I leave this room, and Celestia you’ve got first rights.”She nodded.“Since when did the floor in here get so cold?” you asked, shivering slightly.“Sorry!” Celestia apologized.“You’ve gotta stop apologizing for everything.”“S-Sorry!”“Celestia,” you warned, “You say that one more time and I’ll make you sorry. With my dick.”“I-I… I still haven’t said it enough for what I did. You know that wasn’t me, I would never-”“I know, I know.”“It’s just I got so frustrated! It seemed like you were trying to take everything I loved away from me.”“Celestia,” you tried.“First Twilight, then my Sister, then it turned out Atlas-”“Celestia,” you tried again.“The one pony I actually fucked, the one pony I let myself go with - he wasn’t even real!”“Celestia!” you snapped, drawing her out of her monologue.“S-Sorry… I got carried away …again.”“You’ve really got to let this go.”“How could I? I did - almost did unspeakable things. I’m terrified of my sister being overtaken by Nightmare Moon again, but if you hadn’t stopped me, I would have been worse.”“Like you said, that wasn’t you. Just like that magic, that anger… that wasn’t me.”There was a long silence, just you, Celestia, and Metamora, who so far had surprisingly little to say.“How do I atone for this?” Celestia asked, “How do I rise above?”“I’m not sure that you do,” Metamora spoke up, “You don’t leave that behind, you learn from it. I was jealous too not that long ago. Jealous because of so many things for so many reasons.”“How did you… What got you past it?”“The same thing that’s gotten me past everything lately, love.”“Well that’s easy for you,” Celestia said, a sorrow to her tone.“It is, but that wasn’t always the case. I never thought I’d find love like I have now. I never thought I’d even want to be loved like this. But here I am, and if I can find love, I’m sure you can too.”“You don’t understand.”“I’m sure I don’t, but what’s stopping you?”“I’m always so busy and I have to be the responsible one, always cleaning up after some royal mess or defending Equestria from whatever threat is on the horizon next. And everypony I’ve ever loved, they… they don’t feel that way about me.”“Oh Princess,” Metamora sighed, “That can’t possibly be true. I know how much all of your subjects adore you, any one of them would jump at the chance for something more.”“Yes. They’d all jump at the chance to be with a Princess, the status, the notoriety. But no one loves me. No one’s ever loved me. I’m unlovable.”“You know you’re talking about being unlovable to a Changeling, right?” Metamora giggles, “I understand that more than you could possibly know. And yet here I am, with more love than I know what to do with.”“But you have him,” Celestia challenged, looking over to you.“I do. And right now there’s enough of him to share. Anon, do you think you can help Celestia feel loved until she’s back on her hooves?”“I uh…” you paused, shaken from your contentment in just listening to them talk, “Are you sure?”“Really Metamora, you’d share your lover and his love with me?”“Yes. I have a bounty far more than I need, its only fair that I share.”“Em, where is this coming from? Just the other day you were ready to bite my head off over a slip of the tongue.”“You’ve been fucking other ponies left and right and you’re surprised that I’m okay with it now?” Metamora laughed, smiling at you, “To be honest, Anon, I don’t know where this is coming from. But it feels… it feels right. It’s the same high I get from feeding another Changeling, but it’s… deeper?”“Well if you’re sure you’re okay with it, then I guess I can oblige.”“So any time you’re feeling alone, Celestia,” Metamora started, “you let us know, and we’ll be there for you. Whatever you need, it doesn’t have to be sex, but I’m sure Anon wouldn’t mind if it was.”“I can’t…” Celestia started, “I can’t thank you enough.”“You don’t need to. This is a gift, freely given.”Celestia fell silent for a minute, leaving you to stare between the two of them, feeling an ache in your heart every time you looked at Celestia and a burning fire of pride and love every time you looked at Metamora.“I want this to mean something,” Celestia said, breaking the silence, “I want to show you the same compassion you showed me.”“What do you mean?”“I want you to feel at home in my kingdom, Metamora. Heavens above have you shown you’re not the monster we make your kind out to be.”“You’d do that for me?” Metamora asked, tears coming to her eyes.“Of course we’d have to confer with our sister, but I don’t think she would disagree.”“No, sister. We definitely would not.”“Luna!” you called out in surprise, spinning to see the only other princess you’d put your dick in, “What are you doing here?”“Well we wished to see our sister, but it was a pleasant surprise to run into you and Metamora.”“How do you… How do you know her name?” you asked.“Oh Anon, we’ve known for quite some time.”“You what?” Metamora asked, snapping to focus on Luna.“We’ve been meaning to ask. Which came first, Em or Emerald?”“You knew that far back and you didn’t say anything?” you asked incredulously.“Our curiosity was best satiated from afar.”“Curiosity? What curiosity?” you prodded further.“What curiosity? Before our eyes lay a fantastical creature from another planet, and furthermore he seemed to bear love for a creature that we believed loveless. Would thine own curiosity not burn under these conditions?”“But you didn’t tell anyone…”“And risk our observations be interrupted? Then would we have seen a display as moving as that night before your escape?”“You saw?” Metamora asked, blushing. Why was she so embarrassed, you didn’t even fuck her that night.“Indeed we did. We saw something that was nigh impossible, for a Changeling to, well, change. We were going to bring our findings to our sister when, well… We couldn’t very well argue for your innocence after what happened.”“You know Luna… I’m glad you didn’t. It took what just happened to open my eyes.”“Sister,” Luna asked, looking around warily, “what did happen in here?”“That’s a very long story,” Celestia sighed, getting to her hooves, “and I don’t have the words to tell you right now, Luna.”“Over tea then?”“Yes sister, over tea. We can talk about that and how I’ve not told you that I love you lately.”“Sister, you’ll make us blush!” Luna giggled, fanning her face with a hoof.“I mean it Luna.” Celestia clarified, walking to the now open doors with two stoic guards still posted outside, “But right now we have an announcement for the court. Come on everypony.”“Can, uh, can we get me some pants first?” you asked, earning a laugh or a snort from everyone.“Guards,” Celestia called, the two stallions snapping to attention. “Three things. First, we need to fetch the court for an urgent matter. Second, Anon needs his pants. Third, I’d like to ask you two will meet me later. I need to apologize for my behavior.”“Yes your Highness!” they both responded with a practiced decorum.You all four stood on the dais of the throne room, Celestia and Luna in front of their thrones and you and Metamora off to one side. Metamora wore a hooded cloak, concealing her features and you, for the first time in far too long, wore pants. The crowd before you was much larger than the court you recalled from your last visit, packing the spacious throne room with an absurd number of ponies.“My subjects, we stand before you today to welcome two new creatures into our lands. First, we wish to welcome Sir Anon, a human, into our fold. He is a being from another world, teleported to us by some act of cosmic discord. Since his arrival, he has performed great service to the Crown,” Celestia announced, nodding to you with a laugh at the edge of her tone, “He has demonstrated that he is a valuable and insightful creature, and we are proud to welcome him fully into our lands as one of our own.”The crowd cheered, watching as you waved gingerly to them.“However Anon, despite being a foreigner in our midst, has shown us something new of another species indigenous to our lands. A creature we believed to be a parasite, that we hunted and exiled. A species we had discounted because of our failings and theirs, that Anon showed us was capable of goodness and compassion.”The crowd had gone silent, waiting in anticipation as they stared at the hooded figure next to you.“Allow us to introduce you to Her Highness, Queen Metamora of the Changelings.”The crowd gasped collectively as Metamora doffed the cape shrouding her form. She stepped forward, smiling just the same as you had, waving with one hole-ridden hoof. The crowd churned upon itself, ponies turning to each other in shock, the murmur of thousands of simultaneous questions, exclamations, and declarations buzzing through the air.“Yes, yes. You are hearing this correctly, my little ponies. A Changeling, reformed by love, living within our lands as freely as you or I. Never in a million years would we have imagined such a monumental accomplishment. Never in our wildest dreams would we have considered the possibility that Metamora has shown us is reality; the possibility that Changelings and ponykind can coexist. Today, one creature has brought love to another, but tomorrow - who knows what possibilities are in store!”The momentum of the crowd had turned, seizing on an obvious pause to cheer on this surprising new direction.“So starting today, we’d like to offer asylum for any and all Changelings willing to find the goodness in their heart. We will feed you the love you require, and teach you how to earn your own. I’ve asked Metamora to talk a bit about her journey. Please, listen with an open mind and an open heart.”“Thank you, Princess.” Metamora started, stepping forward, even with Celestia, “Thank you everypony. It feels so wonderful to be a part of your beautiful world, as an eager participant rather than a scorned outsider. I’m so very hopeful for the future, so excited to know that the change I’ve undergone - and for those in the audience in disguise, I do not mean my metamorphosis - that others of my kind can feel it as well. Much like many of you must think of us, I never believed I was capable of love.”She looked at you, her eyes burning brighter than you’d ever seen before,“But Anon showed me that love is universal. He showed me that love could be freely given, that I didn’t need to take what he would give away. I learned that there’s love in all of us. That there’s a love in me that’s been growing every day. Which is why I want to say, with all of you as my witness…”“Em, don’t…”“I can’t help myself, Anon,” she whispered, turning to face you.“I love you, Anon.” “Em,” you cried, definitely not feeling tears welling at the corners of your eyes. You reached out and grabbed her, lifting her up and holding her to your chest.The crowd stayed silent for a moment, attention focused on your embrace. But after a moment, as some took notice of the princesses motioning them to applaud, a slow roar built up growing into a deafening thunder of cheers and applause.She did it. We did it.“Hey Anon, let’s go celebrate…” Metamora whispered into your ear, leaning even further into your embrace.“I gotta go do things to my bug,” you called to Celestia, hoisting Metamora over your shoulder as you made for the exit.“Go,” she smiled, “You’ve both earned it.”“You heard her, bugbutt,” you smirked, slapping her firm, chitinous bug butt, “Let’s go make love.”“Hive, Anon! That was the worst pun!”“I’m fucking excited, alright! I…” you paused,  “I didn’t realize how much I wanted that.”“I did,” she replied, her voice like honey, “…to finally give you what you wanted. I- I could explode.”“Well you can explode all you want in a few minutes,” you offered, finally clearing the room and entering into the empty hallway, “Um… Which way.”“Put me down and I’ll show you.”“Nah, I like this,” you declined, squeezing her.“Put me down and you can stare at my ass the entire way.”“Fuck. You have a point,” you acquiesced, kneeling down to let her gracefully dismount you. She slid off of you, moving to stand in front of you. Once on the ground she knelt on her forehovves, leaving just her rear in the air for you to admire.“Enjoying the view, Anon?” she asked, putting a little extra wiggle in her rump as you stood back up.“We’re not going to make it back to the bedroom are we?”“We better, because I have a feeling we’re going to do things that will make them regret giving us citizenship.”“We’re going to do things? No ‘you’re a pervert, Anon’? No ‘hive, how are you already hard’?” you mocked.“You heard what I said back there and you’re surprised that I’m in the mood? Come on, you can give me shit for wanting your dick inside me once your dick’s inside me.”She led the way onward, her expert navigation made much more interesting by the definitely intentional swaying of her hips. God you loved how she looked before her metamorphosis, but now… she was perfect.You skirted through the halls, paying absolutely zero attention to anything except Metamora. The way the muscles in her legs rippled with each step, the way her tail swished back and forth, revealing more of her than you could already see through her translucent tail. The way she’d hike her tail any time the coast was clear, maybe even giving you a little wink, which was always accompanied by an adorable shudder.It didn’t matter that your fucking room was on the other side of the damn castle, or that your legs were tired from… really everything that had happened over the past several hours, days… whatever. It didn’t matter because you knew as soon as you did get there, you could stop just looking at her fine ass and do something about it. Fuck did you want to do things to her. But that time eventually came, the familiar door bowing sideways at your command. You all but kicked it shut after you, staring at your love with a hunger that would make a lion run for cover.“Finally!” Metamora squealed, turning to you and staring back with a need just as fierce.“God you’re gorgeous,” you shudder, lost in her eyes once more. You pulled your shirt over your head quickly before realizing you were being a bit hasty, “Sorry, I should probably savor this, shouldn’t I?”“No! We can savor in a minute, just… Come on, take off your fucking pants Anon,” Metamora whined, staring hungrily at you, watching as you hooked your thumbs in your waistband.“Hold your horses!” you exclaimed, “Er… bad choice of expression.”“Take your pants off and you can hold me and call me a whorse all you want,” she begged.“One order of disappearing pants, coming right up,” you conceded, pulling your pants down, cheekily leaving your tented boxers behind.“Anon I swear to the hive if I can’t see your dick in the next five seconds I’m going to go back to the hive, find Pharynx, and make him fuck me. As you.”“Wow, that’s just cold. Plus you would never, you can’t get what you want from him.”“Shut up and just-” she froze, watching you pull your remaining garment off, “Fuuuuuck Anon you have no idea how much I need this.”“Alright then, how do you want it? Fast, slow, on all fours, on the bed?”“No Anon, I want to be on top this time. You’ve done so much for me, now it’s time for me to give back.”“Em, you don’t have to-” you tried, shutting up as she nudged you toward the bed insistently.“It’s time for me to show you how much I love you,” she said, pushing you down onto the bed as she climbed atop you, “Plus, it’s about time I put you in your place. You’re about to fuck a Queen.”“And the second best one I’ve fucked at that!” you joke.“Anon! I can’t believe-”“Come on, Em. You know I’m kidding. You’ll always be my Queen.”“Every time I try to be sexy or try to make a joke, you always have to come over the top of me and-”“Hey, not every time! I’ll be cumming from underneath you this time.”“Just like that! If I didn’t want you so damn much I’d hate that.”“I’ll tone it down if you want.”“Just this once? Please?”“Anything for you, Em.”“Anything?” she asked, looking into your eyes, “A kiss then?”You nodded, reaching up to cup her cheek as she leaned in on top of you. Her lips met yours like they had so many times before, the feeling was the same. The warmth of her lips on yours, the slight tickle as the short fur of her snout danced under your nose, the moment where you both decided to go further. Her tongue met yours, signaling a warm, wet hello. You let her take the lead, only weakly protesting the movements of her much more limber tongue with your own. Eventually she pulled back, letting your tongue escape her vicious attack while still leaving her mouth pressed against yours.You felt her lower down onto you, feeling a warmth from her that was much more intense than you remembered. Her chest lined up with yours, with the beating of your hearts a never ending telegraph testifying to your love. The next thing you noticed were her spread hindlegs on either side of your hips, coming in brief contact as she continued her slow, purposeful collapse. The warmth between her legs was close enough to your dick that you could feel it heating the air around it,  knowing the moment you’d been waiting for was only moments away.And then it happened, you felt that wet, steaming heat against you as she finally made contact, watching her shudder as she tried to ride out the powerful sensations from just coming into contact with your dick. But in the end, sensation won out, her legs going weak as she fell against you. Her entire body was limp against you, trying its best to melt into you at every point. You could feel your dick sandwiched between your stomach and hers, the small teats just north of her slit conforming around the base of your shaft.“Fuck,” you hiss, reaching out to wrap your arms around her, “I need this.”“Me too,” she agreed, rolling her hips against you delicately, rewarding you with soft pressure and a fleeting pleasure along your dick.“You know this,” you emphasized, nodding towards your dick, “this would never have happened in my world.”“What do you mean?” she asked, cocking her head.“Getting to be with someone so beautiful, getting to lay with someone so beautiful. I would never have been so lucky.”“You really think I’m beautiful?” she asked, rocking a little faster, “leg holes and all?”“I absolutely do. Every part of you.”“Thank you. I…” she trailed off, lifting off of you, “I feel beautiful.”“Em,” you asked, your dick springing straight up, “Is it time?”“Yes, Anon,” she confirmed, lining herself up before your lance. Before you could say anything, you felt yourself sinking inside of her slowly, her insides warm, pleasant, inviting. After an agonizing descent that made you want to grab her and slam her down on you, she slowly - too slowly - started to reverse. As she rose back up, you could feel her tighten around you, begging you please don’t go. But you’d be back, you always came back. And with a little longer to wait, you did.She built up a rhythm, doing all the work as you lay, shaking from the attention. Her motions got faster as she planted her forehooves on either side of you to steady herself, staring deeply into you eyes as she moaned and squeaked with each pass. You just relaxed, letting yourself feel the pleasure from her assault.She bounced on your dick with a coordinated frenzy, her pace rough but her actions deliberate. Each time you came to rest fully inside her, you could see a small bulge inside of her, outlining just how deep you were in your mare.“Fuck, has that always been there?” you asked, pointing to the small distention.“I never noticed… But hive that’s hot… I swear this dick was made to wreck ponies,” she moaned, coming to rest with you hilted completely inside of her, “Wreck me, Anon.”“God, Em… you can’t just say things like that,” you groaned, rolling your hips weakly against her.“I can say whatever I want, Anon. I think I proved that by now.”“You know what, Em.”, you agreed, grabbing her hips and beginning to thrust up into her, “You sure can. And I’ll love every damn word of it.“I know which ones you love most.”“Oh?” you inquired, “Which part is that?”“The ones I make when I cum with you inside.”“Are you…”“I’m close.”“Just a little bit longer, Em. I’m close too.”“Don’t make me wait, Anon!” she squealed, moving as fast as she possibly coould.“God, Em… I’m so fucking close. Are you ready?”“Y-Yes, Anon. I love you.”“Fuck!” you yell, feeling your release wash over you, each pulse of pleasure signaling a rope of your seed filling her up.Then just when you thought it was over, you felt her tense, her thrusts stopping as she just sank back down, shuddering deeply. Her entire face was colored in a fierce blush, her mouth hanging open but no sound coming out.And you watched as something magical happened. Just as suddenly as she came, you noticed a solid golden ball of energy the size of a basketball hovering between the two of you, shimmering with an absurd brightness. The sphere just hung there, lighting up the entire room as you both stared at it.“Can you see how much I love you, Anon?” she asked, motioning to the little ball, “That’s all from me.”“Wow, Em… I’m so proud of you.”“Do you want to feel it?” she asked, the ball pulsing now with intensity. You nodded.As soon as she saw your affirmation you saw the sphere explode, suddenly going from a basketball of golden light to fill the entire room with those pink comets you’d seen a few times by now. There were easily ten times more than any time before. Then, just as quickly as it started, they all turned to point directly at you, launching themselves into you at high speed.You felt yourself on the verge of another orgasm, and before long it, and you, came again. You could feel every pink tendril work its way into your heart as you came once more.“I love you.” she said, beaming.“I love you too, Em. More than you could possibly know.”“Thank you,” Metamora whispered, still breathing heavily, “Thank you for letting me show you how much you mean to me. Thank you for letting me mean something to somepony.”“Twilight, what are you doing in Canterlot?” Metamora asked in surprise, looking up to see a purple pony where she expected a creature with less hooves to be joining her.“I, well… Princess Celestia told me the news, but I had to come see it for myself. A reformed Changeling, one I’d inadvertently met nonetheless.”“You’re taking the news much better than she did. She um… well, I’ll let her tell you that story when she’s ready.”“Not a fan at first? She's so predictable...”“No, so very much not a fan at first. But you must have so many questions, like-”“How much of Atlas was real?”“Like that one…,” she started, sighing, “Atlas was real. You already knew him well when I replaced him.”“You replaced him? When did you?”“Oh, a few weeks after the incident with the flowers.”“The flowers…” she sighed, “That was real?”“Atlas liked you, you know,” Metamora said, “Before I had to… Before I was him.”“How do you know?” Twilight asked in return, looking at you with curiosity.“We talked, when he was still…”The Everfree was becoming familiar to you. Your ability to navigate it, furthermore your ability to navigate it while remaining hidden, were both well developed at this point. So you found yourself, as usual, stalking that orange unicorn as he traipsed through the forest as if it weren’t full of some of the biggest dangers in Equestria. You knew that you needed to replace somepony in order to get close to Twilight, and this oaf was the best shot you had. Ironic that studying Changeling behavior would lead to, well, what was about to happen.Of course, he’d get a spectacular chance to study your behavior. He looked like a nice stallion, you might even reward him if he were cooperative. Either way, he was about to be intimately familiar with these woods and at least one of the creatures that called it home. After weeks of stalking him both inside Ponyville and through the forest you finally had enough context to finally replace him. And how convenient that you’d just be able to come out here and make use of him any time you needed love.You snuck forward, coming up behind him so you could get the drop on him and incapacitate him. Fifty feet, twenty five feet, you could hear him talking to himself now…“Celestia, how could I be so stupid!” he said, kicking at the ground.“I can’t believe I fucking did that. She obviously doesn’t like me and now I’ve gone and cocked up our friendship or working relationship or whatever we did have.”He sighed, waltzing a few feet forward to look at something on the ground.“And as if I hadn’t made it weird enough with the damn flowers. No, as soon as I realized she didn’t like it, I just had to open my mouth, ‘As a friend’ my ass. I’m so fucking dumb.”“Maybe finding a Changeling out here wouldn’t be so bad after all,” he thought aloud, “At least then I could pretend it was Twilight.”He sighed again.“No, Atlas. Don’t even think about that. Changelings kill ponies.”Did you? You hoped not. Of course, ponies had been known to die after time in captivity, but you wouldn’t outright kill a creature, not when you could still get love out of them.“Plus that wouldn’t be fair to Twilight. I’d… I couldn’t hurt her like that.”A twig snapped underfoot. Shit, you really needed to pay more attention.It’s fine. He didn’t notice you. Fuck, nope… he definitely heard that. But he didn’t see you. You got behind the tree just in time.“Who’s there?”You stood still.“Please, I’m just a researcher. I don’t want any trouble. I-I… please don’t eat me, whatever you are.”Well this was an impasse. He was frozen in that spot, and you couldn’t move without being noticed. Fuck it, new strategy.“Atlas,” you called out in the most soothing voice you could muster as you stepped out from behind your tree, “Don’t be alarmed.”He shivered, but stood his ground.“I know you’ve been researching Changelings out here. I know you’re… more open than most ponies. I know you want things.”He breathed heavily. You stepped toward him, each cautious, calculated step more terrifying for both of you than the last.“It doesn’t have to be Twilight. I can be whatever you want. Anypony you desire. I just want a few things in return.”“I’d never aid a Changeling!”You stopped.“But you’d also never hurt one. Otherwise you would have used that horn already.”“I-I…” he hesitated, “Stay back!”“Oh, but I can’t gather your love from over here, now can I?” you asked, starting to move towards him again, closing within ten feet of him.“I said stay back!”“You don’t really want me to do that, do you? You’re really hoping that I make this decision for you, aren’t you?”“N-No! You’re a vile creature and I’d never give you what you want!”“Oh come on… We both have needs. You need to sink that dick into something, I want to taste your sweet, delicious love.”“I won’t let you rape me!”“Atlas, I would never!” you gasp in fake offense, “Whatever we did it’d only be because you wanted it.”He seemed to ponder that idea for a moment. Maybe this would work out after all.“Fine. But only because I’m curious.”You squealed in delight, prancing closer yet.“But I don’t want what you think,” he cautioned, “I want to study you, not fuck you.”“That’s so… boring!” you sighed, hopefully making your disappointment evident. “I’ll do it, on one condition. You give me a day’s worth of love and I’ll tell you any one thing you want to know about Changelings.”“One question for an entire day’s worth of love? That hardly seems fair!”“You’re going to come out here every day are you not?”“Yes… but.”“Then I don’t see the problem. Now are you in or not? Think of the things you could learn!”“I-I… How much is a day’s love?”“Just a kiss, Atlas. Nothing serious.”“Just a kiss…” he said, mulling it over, “Okay. Fine.”“Come on then,” you coaxed, bringing your muzzle close to his.He pecked your cheek with his mouth, the whole affair over in an instant.“On the mouth, Atlas! Hive, you really are dense!”He looked taken aback by your insult, but after a moment he closed his eyes, leaning forward and pressing his mouth against yours. And then you showed him a kiss…“It went on like that for, I dunno, a couple weeks or so. I told him so much about me, I… It wasn’t even about the love anymore. Of course I never did tell him that his kisses were definitely at least three days worth of love,” she paused, fond memories coming back, “After a while… I believed in his research, I guess. He was the first pony I’d ever heard of that thought of me as more than an animal. He… I wanted him to be successful. Maybe I liked him, I didn’t know what that felt like at the time.”“So that’s where all those crazy theories came from. I knew he had something more than hoofprints for reference. I never would have guessed…”“Yep, he asked me about everything. Well, almost everything. He never asked me for anything more… as much as I would have liked it. He was a pure heart like that, all the way until the end…”“Wait, what… what happened to the real Atlas?”Metamora sighed, looking at the floor.“I killed him,” she admitted, hanging her head, “Looking back I regret that most of anything I did, mostly because he- mostly because I couldn’t save him.”“Save him? But you just said you killed him.”“I didn’t want to!” Metamora barked, “I had to! He… he asked me to.”“He asked you to kill him?”“When I found him again after our last… he was-”“Atlas!” you called out. Nothing.“Oh come on Atlas, no sense hiding, you know what’s out there.”Still quiet.“I know you’re there… After last time, I knew you’d be back. Don’t think I didn’t catch you staring at my ass last time.”A soft ruffle in the distance.“That’s it, come on out, scaredy colt. Is today the day you’re going to finally do some hands on research, loverboy?”Another faint crunching sound in the distance, but no Atlas.Then you smelled it. Blood. It was strong, fresh, nearby. A curtain of iron aroma hanging in the air everywhere. You looked down, at first not seeing anything, then… you caught the trail. It darted off to your left, the drips far enough that… he was being chased.Oh no. He was always so careless! There was no telling what he could have been attacked by out here. You had to find him. You needed to find him. You needed him.You took off following the trail, running as fast as your hooves could carry you when you saw it. An orange mass with a lumbering timberwolf standing over it, apparent that it had done a number already. You didn’t even have to think about a course of action. You just watched as the timberwolf yelped in pain, his entire body enveloped in a burning green flame. He scurried off, running as fast as his fiery legs could carry him. You didn’t even watch, knowing that Atlas was much more important than wherever that timberwolf went.He was in bad shape, cuts and scrapes all over his body, a horrendous gash on his chest, an enormous bite mark in one of his legs. You couldn’t fix this. Not after you just drained so much energy on that timberwolf.“Atlas!” you screamed, trying to apply pressure to the most serious injury, the large wound over his chest.“Please don’t…” he asked, his voice quiet and pained.“Don’t what? I’m going to- I have to save you!”“You can’t. It’s too late,” he resigned, his breaths short and sudden.“Stop it! You’re going to be fine. We’ll just get you to town, to the hospital and…”“Are you hearing yourself?” he almost chuckled before his expression soured in pain.“I’ll do it. For you I’ll do it.”“No, I’m going to die here. Please, don’t let me suffer any more.”“I can’t kill you! I-I… I need your love!”“Then for all the love I have left,” he begged, his horn flickering as he cast his last spell.“I-I,” you cried, feeling an abundance of love as his horn petered out like an extinguished candle, “I’ll make it quick.”“Wait… I never did ask your name,” he rasped, in a quiet, gurgling voice.“My name is Metamora.”“Thank you, Metamora. For everything.”“I’m sorry,” you said, turning away.“I’m not.”You winced. Even through your magic you felt the snap. You heard it plain as day, the one quick twist that drained the last of his life, and with it ended his pain.You were Atlas now, and he’d never be quite the same.“I- that…”“I regret everything about it, Twilight. I’m really sorry.”“No, I… I understand. You had to do it. He just…” she wiped a tear from her face, “Damnit Atlas! ”“I know how you feel. He reminds me a lot of Anon… Just, well, without all the rough edges.”“Yeah…”“Did you, you know…”“The flowers, they were so out of the blue. I hadn’t even thought about the idea of stallions for so long before that. When he gave them to me, I just, the whole thing was kind of funny. But it got me thinking, and… well… I never did get to tell Atlas how I felt.”“Would you like to?”“I think so.”Flash.“You can tell me anything, Twilight.”“LUNA” you yell, running aimlessly through her basement dungeon labyrinth thing. Why the fuck was everything so damn complicated. Had they never learned about the concept of putting up some damn signs? “Jesus fuck, where the hell are you?”Nope, you were completely lost. Likely in an entirely different dimension by now, reality having folded in on itself to trap you in an endless sequence of lefts and rights.“Come on Moonhorse, I know you’re down here,” you try again, still confused.Or were you… Was that the door? You remember her chamber being the only ornate double doors you saw down here… Alright, here goes. You shoulder up to the door, leaning away slightly to bust it open.“Alright Luna,” you call loudly, “Stop masturbating you filthy whorse. We got shit to talk about.”“Aanon…” you heard an airy moan waft over from the other side of the room, where her bed was, where you noticed just the slightest bit of motion underneath the covers. Fuck, was she actually…“Luna! Holy shit!” you yell, catching her attention. “I didn’t think you’d actually!”“Anon!” she exclaimed, a quick flurry of motion as she leapt from the bed, one hoof definitely darker than the others, “We were not expecting visitors at this hour!”“You know all you had to do was ask, right. I’d have to talk to Em about it, but I doubt she’d have a problem, especially if you let her join in.”“Anon, we-” she started, flustered, “nevermind. What brings you down here?”“I came to ask you some questions.”“Oh? What curiosities do you have?”“It’s about some weird magic stuff that happened when I-”“Ah, yes. During the events after your recapture. Sister told us of your magic, and we too have concerns about it. The power she described, it is familiar to us.”“Familiar…” you hesitated, trying to read into her statement, “Like Nightmare Moon?”“Very much like her,” she answered, looking at you with a dead serious expression, “What did it feel like?”“I don’t really know. It just kind of happened. Powerful, I guess. Maybe a little bit uncontrolled. Really it just felt like what ended up being necessary.”“Be wary, Anon. We too remember that sense of power. And the control... You don’t learn to control it; it learns to control you. When you call upon the darkness for support, its answer is not gentle. You must distance yourself from that magic and if anything embrace the magic you demonstrated before that.”“Before that? But that was the only time I…”“Do you not remember your escape? A teleportation spell so powerful and quick that we couldn’t track it.”“No, that was Em, wasn’t it?”“Wasn’t it the case that she were unconscious? That is what our guards reported to us.”“Yeah, but couldn’t she still have done it? I don’t know how this magic shit works.”“Yes, such is apparent since you cannot even discern your own magic.”“So yeah… About that, can you uh… How do I use this shit?”“Well, we have a hypothesis. Of course we’d need to test this, but it seems that you are predisposed to magic that you have seen in others.”“What does that mean? I’m like some kind of magic parrot or something.”“Hah, that is an amusing image! You certainly have the characteristic penchant for embarrassing language. But nonetheless, that may be an apt description. We believe that you do not possess the ability to learn magic in the same way that a unicorn would study a spellbook. But it is possible that you may learn via… What is the phrase Twilight always uses… by osmosis?”“So if I see a spell happen then I can do it?”“More than that, we believe you must be targeted by this spell or be in incredibly close proximity.”“So uh… Really the only magic that’s been used on me is teleporting me, throwing me onto things, or making my dick bigger. How do we test your hypothesis then?”“Well we believe magic you’ve witnessed quite frequently might also become latent in you. Specifically a certain use of Changeling magic that you must no doubt have seen many times.”“Oh! The weird love bubble thing. Yeah, that’d be neat I guess. Just think of all the Changelings I could get lovedrunk with that!”“No Anon. That was not the use that we wished to test. The spell we were speaking of is much more common to Changelings than the peculiar manifestation of your love to Metamora.”“No, you don’t mean…” you realize, vibrating at the idea, “I can fucking shapeshift? Holy fuck that’d be so fucking cool.”“Do not get so excited, we do not know if this is indeed possible, we merely suppose it to be so.”“Then how do we find out? If I can shapeshift I wanna know how to do that shit like ASAP.”“Well, I doubt we will find a circumstance that will trigger a response as did your teleportation, but commonly when we are asking foals to try magic for the first time we ask them to think about what they’ve seen. Often imagining it happening is enough to make it so.”“Then who should I try to imagine myself as?”“See if you can become me. You will be able to reference what I look like in order to seed the transformation.”You thought about it, thinking about what you saw Metamora do so many times now. You closed your eyes, picturing everything you could about Luna and trying to imagine how your shape would shift into hers. The magic would start at your head, a horn growing from your forehead as the rest of your face changed to match an equine form. It would slowly crawl downward, your pale skin replaced by dark blue fur as it marched on. Fuck, this was going to fuck up your clothes!Your eyes snapped open, suddenly a strange navy obelisk in front of your eyes. You instinctively tried to grab whatever it was to pull it away, only realizing as you clobbered yourself in the snout with your hooves that you had, well, clobbered yourself in the snout with your hooves.“Well that is quite a start, Anon…” Luna giggled, clearly amused.“Shut up. I forgot to get rid of my clothes. I don’t think they’d work so well with wings and a tail and… Well, now with hooves instead of arms, how do I even take this shit off?”“Would you like me to render you without clothes… again?”“Um could you? But don’t pull a Twilight and just vaporize them. That’s my only good pair in Canterlot.”Poof. All of the sudden, you felt naked. More naked than naked, really. Maybe it was the feeling of fur as you moved to cover yourself from any wandering eyes. But there’d be nothing to really look at if you just shapeshifted again… Well then it wouldn’t be weird - ponies were always running around naked!So once more you concentrated on the desired outcome, imagining her mane, her tail, everything under her legs… You felt a warmth with each thing you imagined, as if some part of you was rushing to meld itself to that form. Before long you realized that you were so very uncomfortable standing on your hindlegs, and you fell to the floor, shakily managing to stand on four hooves.“Perfect! We knew you could do it Anon!”“Holy shit this is weird!” you called out, shocking yourself with the feminine voice that came out. You spun around, trying to look over your shoulder at your new form.“And our voice as well! How surprising!” Luna exclaimed, paying close attention as you spun, chuckling as your back was turned, “And it would seem such attention was given to the detail between our legs.”“Fuck this feels weird.”“Anon! Let us go have fun with this. We have an idea for quite the prank! Sister will be so flustered!”“Sister!” Celestia called, watching as you waltzed towards her, having mostly figured out how walking on four hooves worked. “Have you seen Anon or Metamora?”“No, we haven’t seen Anon or his incredibly large penis lately. Nor have we seen his exceedingly beautiful Changeling lover. What is your curiosity?”“We wished to ensure that they were settling in well now after our declaration.”“Oh I believe they’ve settled in quite well. In fact I have upon good authority that they settled in quite well with each other just after the ceremony.” Yes. You did have that on quite good authority.“I am not surprised. Just seeing how much they loved eachother, well…” Celestia blushed, “ It was enough to make me yearn for the same.”“You wish for someone to love you, Sister?”“…Is that too much to ask.”“Not at all! But who could provide you with this love you seek?”“I don’t know. I just… I wish I could find somepony for myself.”“Is not what you have in front of you sufficient?” you ask, finally hoping you had dropped a sufficient hint.“Luna, what do you mean?”“You know what we mean sister! You know you’ve thought of it before! Why not fuck me.”“Luna! What has come over you. We’re siblings! And-” she paused, her eyes narrowing, “Me? Who are you. Reveal yourself impostor!”You felt yourself slammed against the wall in her magic, your disguise knocked from you as your form shifted back to your normal two-legged shape.“Ow ow ow! Luna! She’s going to-”“Sister!” Luna called, coming out from behind a corner, “’Twas only a prank!”“A prank? You find this funny Anon?”“Fuck, I find this shit hilarious,” you pause preparing your throat to mock Celestia’s voice, “Oh sister… Let’s go have tea and talk about how much we love each other. And then after we finish the tea, I’d like to drink in more of your delicious body.”Luna was cackling at your impression, while Celestia stared at you with a fierce blush on her face. “You know that’s not what we meant! Luna surely you don’t believe…”“Calm down sister, we know you’ve not seriously considered it. But you must be curious-”“Curious? Luna, that’s incest. It’s wrong!”“You know that to call that incest would be a vast oversimplification.”“Plus, incest is hot shit… As long as it’s not in a weird Kentucky inbreeding kind of way, you know…”“Anon! I’m not going to fuck my sister!”“You don’t have to!” you chuckled, disguising yourself as Luna again, “You can fuck me instead. All the fun, none of the moral quandary.”“You know I’d… Ugh! Anon, stop this at once!”“Oh, I get it,” you laughed, another flash overtaking you as you mirrored Celestia, “You’d rather go fuck yourself, wouldn’t you.”“I would never-” she tried, her blush doubling. You watched as she stared way too intently at you.“Whatever floats your boat, Sunbutt,” you concede, shifting once more to disguise as Metamora, “Come find me when you’re ready to have some fun. Right now I gotta go surprise my bug. She’s gonna be so proud… and probably confused.”“Hey there Atlas” you chuckle, barging in on he and Twilight talking casually.“Who the…”“You know fucking who.”“Anon?”“Yeah. You got it. See what I can do? Now change back. I can’t say the thing until you change back.”“Anon what are you…”“Do it.”“Hold on, just can you-”“Doooooo Iiiiiiit!”“Fine. Hive I don’t even care anymore,” she resigned taking the form of you taking her native form.“Fuck you,” you exclaimed, “I’m you!”“You know what, I really don’t want to deal with your shit right now, Anon.”“Come on… Haven’t you always wanted to go fuck yourself, literally?”“I thought you weren’t gay, Anon.”“Dude, everyone knows lesbians aren’t gay!”“But-”“Come on, me…” you say, spinning in place, “Who could say no to this?”“God, Em… That was the hottest thing I’ve ever- I mean fuck… and you were so into it,” you admitted, finally feeling - and looking - more like yourself.“Am I a narcissist after…”“Maybe, but only in the best way. I cant even believe… The things you did with your mouth. Is that what it feels like when I…”“I mean you’re great and all, but you don’t have this tongue,” she taunted, letting her tongue hang out enticingly.“We can fix that,” you chuckle, thinking again about a transformation. You closed your eyes and then… Nothing happened. Wait, nothing happened? “Wait, what’s…”“Huh, Anon? What’s wrong?”“I just tried to…” you motioned with your hands, “…and no magic. What gives?”“Well you’re still new to it I guess… Maybe you don’t quite have the hang of it.”“No, transforming is fucking easy shit. Like I just think and then poof I’m someone else. But this time there wasn’t a poof.”“Um, Anon…” She asked, “You’re not feeling tired, are you?”“Now that you mention it, I am kinda worn out after… Man I could really use a nap.”“Oh no…” Metamora said under her breath, “Anon… I need you to tell me something.”“What, Em? What is it?”“Tell me you love me. Right now, please, tell me.”“Em, you know I-” you paused, “You know, I really am tired. Can we take a nap?”“Anon. Say it. I need to hear you say those words.”“Jeez Em, why are you so pushy?”“Anon! This is life or death.”“Fine Em. I lo-” you coughed, “I l-l… Man, why does my chest hurt?”“Shit,” Metamora whispered under her breath, “Anon you idiot, you ran yourself out of love.”“Silly, that’s not how that works. You can’t run out of love.”“Anon, I need you to listen to me right now. You ran out of love doing all those spells. I don’t know how you get the love from that, whether it has to come from somepony else or if you create it, but either way I need you to fuck me right now or you’ll die.”“Jeez… Fuck or die? Sounds like a dire situation. But I’d really like to take a nap instead, can we fuck after?”“Fuck,” she whispered again, “Anon, if you fall asleep right now you might not wake up. Come on, get it up and fuck me. I need to feed you.”“I’m not hungry. I just wanna sleep. And I’m already hard. I’m like always hard around you.”“Anon, your dick is softer than Celestia’s ass right now,” she declared, looking worriedly between your legs, “Come on, fuck your bug!”“What? I’m not…” you pause, looking between your legs, “Aw that’s a sad penis. Maybe he just needs a nap too.”“No Anon, it’s just…” she paused, “Magic! That will do it.”Her horn lit in the same vibrant green, a pulse of energy heading straight for you. You barely felt it, like a weak tickle against your chest.“Stop it, Em, that tickles!”“Anon, come on… you’ve got to snap out of this.”“Sure, sure… as soon as we can sleep for a bit.”You watched as she looked at you with a panic in her eyes. Why was she so worried about a little nap? Fuck, you’d missed probably an entire year worth of college sleeping all day, what was so serious now? Somehow she awkwardly managed to move you so that you were awkwardly laying across her back, trotting towards the door quickly.“Where are we going? Isn’t it naptime?”“We need more magic. Anon, whatever you do don’t close your eyes,” Metamora commanded, galloping down the halls with you clumsily slung over her back, “Anon, do you hear me? Don’t fucking fall asleep.”“It’s okay, Em… Just a little nap. It’ll be fine. I just need to rest and then we can…”“Anon don’t-”“Come on, we’re already cuddling and everything… Just a quick nap.”“Anon! No!” she cried, feeling you go slack against her.Fuck. You were not going to let him die. Not now. Not ever. Twilight would know what to do. You just needed to find her. You ran through the halls, Anon loosely holding on to your back as his breathing slowed. You moved as fast as you could, your legs burning, your mind racing. You made it to the more central areas of the castle, reaching the room you were in before with Twilight, but she was nowhere to be seen.Why did you waste your magic trying it yourself. Now you wouldn’t be able to teleport, not without putting yourself in the same peril he was in. Damn it, why did he have to be so stupid? Why did you not see it coming? Why didn’t you stop him? It was all your fault, and you couldn’t do anything about it except run and hope you found Twilight or one of the princesses.That’s right - the princesses! Surely they could help too. And it was still early enough that they’d be in the throne room. You just had to run a bit more. So you ran and ran and finally made it to the throne room, rushing past the two guards before they could even react to your presence. You burst into the room, running straight down the center aisle and skidding to a stop right in front of the two princesses.“Princesses! We have a problem,” you called out, trying to catch your breath. “Anon. Magical Exhaustion. Sleeping. Please.”The two princesses looked at you in confusion, their glances moving to the sleeping human on your back. You waited for them to connect the dots, to realize what you meant.Luna seemed to realize first, her magical aura flowing forth to encapsulate Anon as she lifted him from your back. By the time she had set him down in between you and where they stood, a look of realization dawned on Celestia’s face as well. Her horn lit as well, with Luna following closely behind. Both of them aimed their magic at Anon’s chest, firing volleys of pure magical energy at him to what appeared to be no effect.His eyes fluttered but he still remained asleep, the two princesses looking at each other before moving to look at you.“He should wake now,” Celestia declared, “But he was completely out of magic. I don’t know if there will be any lasting damage when he does awaken.”“Wow that was a really good nap. I feel completely refreshed!”You looked over to see Metamora perk up, all of the sudden crying as she looked at you as if you’d died and come back to life.“See, I told you it’d be fine. I just needed to… Wait, why are we in the throne room.”“Anon!” Metamora called out, still with sadness in her voice, “Oh I was so worried that you wouldn’t…”“That I wouldn’t what?”“You drained yourself of magic completely,” Luna answered, “That’s usually a death sentence, but because Metamora acted quickly, we were able to save you.”“Shit, really? You mean I can die just from doing too much magic?”“Yes, normally a unicorn would notice that they were low on magical energy. Did you not notice that?”“Unless it feels like being really really hungry, in which case, yeah I was totally that until my nap.”“It manifests differently for everypony,” Celestia explained, “So it is possible. Are you no longer hungry?”“I mean not like that. I could afford to eat something though.”“Be wary of that feeling,” Luna warned, “It may be your only defense against this.”“I still don’t know what happened…”“You almost died, Anon!” Metamora explained, “You need to be more careful.”“Shit…” you sigh, “And just when I was about to use my newfound powers for evil.”“I’m so glad you’re okay, Anon. I was really worried there, you…” she paused, resting against you in bed, “You almost went the way of far too many Changelings.”“Why the fuck did nobody tell me that I could die from magicking too much? You know I only ever go hard.”“I’m sorry… I-” she paused, sniffling, “I didn’t think. I’m so foalish.”“Whoa, hold on. Don’t beat yourself up. I just didn't… Don’t take this out on yourself.”“But I’m supposed to keep you safe! I found you and I promised I’d keep you safe and…”“And you did. You saved me, Em. Just like you did in the forest. Just like you’re probably going to have to do at least on a weekly basis.”“I should have seen it coming.”“How could you have?” you asked, “I didn’t even realize it.”“You’re right… But please be more careful with magic. I know it’s fun and exciting - Hive knows I’ve wanted to do so many things since you’ve been filling me full of love but… All great things come in moderation.”“Most,” you corrected, “Most great things come in moderation.”“What do you mean?”“You’re always here, and you’re the greatest thing I’ve ever had.”“Anon,” she sighed, your comment sneaking up on her and lifting the sour mood.“Plus I don’t think you’ve ever cum in moderation. You’re always so fucking sensitive. I love it though.”“Damnit Anon!”“Hey, you know it was headed there. I’m surprised you haven’t been staring at my dick this entire time.”“Um… Anon, there’s one small problem. Or rather the problem’s big but something else is small,” Metamora said, pointing a hoof between your legs.“WHAT THE FUCK!” You yell, looking back at your now not-so-magically-enhanced cock.“Anon, calm down. You don’t need a huge dick.”“That’s easy for you to say! You’re not used to having a two ton cervix destroying battering ram attached to your crotch. I need that shit to survive now!”“Oh come on Anon, you know I love you for more than your dick.”“Yeah, but that’s about the only thing I love me for. I’m an irredeemable sack of shit otherwise. That was my only good quality!”“That’s not true! There’s plenty of other stuff to like about you.”“Like what, Em?”“Like how you’re a considerate lover?”“Nope. Gay.”“How about how you’re always willing to give love to anypony in need?”“Nah. Fake and gay.”“Fine. Whatever. You can have your self deprecating pity party,” Metamora whined, “I’m just going to be over here waiting for someone to come rut me into the bed.”“I can’t fuck you with this!” you yell in frustration, “I can barely see this… this thing. How did I ever live with such disappointment.”“…I don’t think I’ve ever seen somepony shame themselves over the size of their own dick.”“Can you just… Can’t you magic it back?”“That seems like a very complex spell. I don’t know if I could…” she trailed off, “Also I’m going to need a recharge before I even try something like that.”“Fine. Let’s go fucking find Twilight then. She can do it.”“Anon!” Metamora screamed indignantly, “Come over here and fuck me! You almost died and I don’t know why but now that you’re not I’m horny like a filly on her first heat. I don’t care if your dick is fucking microscopic. Put. It. Inside. Of. Me. NOW.”“Not till I get my dick back, Em! I promise it will be quick.”She screeched in frustration, hitting her hooves against the bed. You walked towards the door, realizing something important.“Come on, I need someone to get me through this fucking M.C. Escher nightmare of a castle.”“Fine, but you better fuck me so hard when we get back.”“TWILIGHT!” you yelled, kicking down the doors to her study,“Anon!” Twilight called out in surprise, “Just who I wanted to see!”“Hold the coy shit, Twi. I need my dick back. Magic me!”“Not now, Anon. We need to go to Ponyville immediately. A storm is brewing.”"Try fucking talking now.""Wait you're not full?	After all	of that?""You don't believe that.	You	know	how I feel	about	you.""Anon, we-" she started,	flustered,	"nevermind. What brings	you down here?""Anon, we-" she started,	flustered,	"nevermind. What	brings	you	down here?""We've been meaning to	ask.	Which came first,	Em or	Emerald?""Chill, we locked the	door this	time."	You whisper	back."Relax! He's super nice,	couldn't	hurt	a breezie if	he tried.""I hope I've made	you	feel a little	more than	alright.""Sir, your order?" came	a	voice,	"Sir can	ya'	hear me?"He just stared, the	flame	in his eyes	burning even	brighter."Jeez Em, nobody's around.	You	don't have	to	be	in character.""Not feeling much from	this one	either,	to be	honest.""Sir, your order?" came	a	voice, "Sir	can	ya'	hear me?""See, that wasn't so	bad.	It's	all gone."	you motion,	"Poof!"You shut the door	behind	you, following Atlas	into	your room."Good morning, Anon!" she	replied happily,	"Have	a nice	day!""It would appear that	way,	if you are	to be	believed.""Is that all I	am	to you,	Em? A sex toy?""I- I-" she hesitated,	leaning	into	you, "I	do, don't I.""Hold on, your Changeling?	Get in	line	pal,	Em's	mine.""What I meant was...	Do	you want to	extract that	love.""He really does have	the	weirdest imagination,	you're	right,"	Chrysalis agreed."We're not stopping there,	are	we?" she	asked,	stroking	you	faster."Not yet at least,"	she	added,	climbing	up next	to you."No that's not! Ugh...	Can we	not	talk	about this?""Fuck, Em..." you groan,	immediately	feeling life breathed	into your	dick."Jeez Em, nobody's around.	You	don't have	to	be	in character.""Em," you asked, your	dick	springing straight	up,	"Is	it	time?""And you're a heartless,	soulless	bitch.	Welcome to the fucking party.""Like I said, they're	probably already	tracking	Changeling	magic	now.""Quiet, beast," she growled,	drawing closer	to	you	in	anger."Twilight! You want to	fuck	a	Changeling? Isn't	that illegal?""Yes ma'am. I did	everything	she	asked. We both enjoyed it.""No, Anon. Drones are	all	adults,	that would	be a nymph.""Anon. Say it. I	need	to	hear you	say those words.""Wow that was a	really	good nap.	I feel completely refreshed!"You thought for a	moment before	answering, "Perspective.""Sheath? The fuck kinda	anatomy	you think I've got down	there.""You're always here, and	you're	the	greatest thing	I've ever had.""Howdy..." you offer weakly,	not	really sure what to	say."Ugh, whatever. Now is	not	the	time. We have	to go.""What if there was	hope?	What if they could	produce	love?""And then he denied	us	for fear of your wrath.""We're not stopping there,	are	we?"	she asked, stroking you faster."No, Anon. Drones are	all adults, that would be a nymph.""Twilight! You want to	fuck	a Changeling? Isn't	that	illegal?""Anon, come on... you've	got	to	snap	out of this.""Sounds dumb, especially with	a name like that," you decree."How ya doin' up	there	bugbutt?"	you grunted	between thrusts.The entire group around	you	stared on in	wide eyed shock."How are you..." she	tried,	"What	do you think	you're doing?""Welcome home, Metamora," Pharynx	offered	"and welcome	to	the	hive,	Anon.""And the second best	one	I've	fucked at	that!"	you	joke."Infiltrator Metamora and Sir	Anon,	here	upon request of	her	Highness.""I love you too,	Em.	More	than you could	possibly	know.""Metamora," you corrected, a	bit	of an edge to your	voice."You said purple, right?"	she asked,	"The spell, it was purple?""Anon! I'm not going	to touch myself for your amusement!"You shut the door	behind	you,	following Atlas	into	your	room."Em," you asked, your	dick	springing straight up,	"Is it	time?""You don't believe that.	You	know how	I feel about	you.""Anon. Say it. I	need to	hear you	say	those words.""We don't get jealous,	Anon. We get stronger." Metamora explained."Ugh that doesn't get	any	more fun the	third time around.""No Anon, it's just..."	she	paused, "Magic! That	will do	it.""You don't have to,"	you	said, squeezing	her tight, "not yet.""We're not stopping there,	are	we?"	she asked, stroking	you	faster."Because we love each	other,	and that's	something she's never	felt!""I'm not going to	do	that," you	declared.	Atlas's eyes widened."Wait, you have Ambien	in	this universe? Yeah, I'll	take two.""What the hell was	that?"	you	asked, half	terrified, half	relieved."Anon, we-" she started,	flustered,	"nevermind.	What brings you down here?""Cold!" she shrieked before	shutting	off the	water	with	her magic."You're going to come	out here	every day	are you	not?""I-I... We shouldn't fight	like that.	I'm sorry."She didn't answer, continuing	her	oral	assault with	rapt focus."Jeez Em, nobody's around.	You	don't	have to be	in	character.""Don't remind me. I	already	have enough of	you inside me."Metamora's eyes widened, then	narrowed,	then	she grinned back	at you."Heh... Then you saw	what	we did after that as	well.""Then come get me!"	she	whined,	"What are	you	waiting	for?""And the second best	one	I've fucked at	that!" you	joke.He just stared, the	flame	in	his eyes burning	even brighter."I'm sorry I wanted	to make it special for you!""Apprehend them," Celestia directed	her	guards, coaxing	them	forward	once	more."Ugh, whatever. Now is	not	the	time. We	have	to	go.""Sir, your order?" came	a voice,	"Sir can	ya' hear me?""What was all that	about anything being worth the cost?""Hey! Atlas, chill. My	pants are	still	fucking	on, alright?""Holy shit Em, you're	pregnant?"	you ask, completely	misreading the	situation."You don't have to,"	you	said, squeezing	her	tight,	"not yet.""Holy shit Em, you're	pregnant?"	you ask,	completely	misreading	the	situation."Em, this isn't normal.	I'm	freaking the fuck	out, come on.""That's not what I	meant. You're, uh..." she hesitated, "easy?""Really Metamora, you'd share	your	lover	and	his love with	me?""You make a fair	point...	What do	I	have to do?""Great, do you perchance	have	a	table for two?"	you snickered."Then-" you paused, "I-	I'll	never get hard for you!	""Is that all I	am	to you, Em?	A sex	toy?""How 'bout a compromise	then,"	you offer,	"How	about	my mouth?""I don't, ugh!" she	denied, "Let's just... Pharynx, do something!""Fuck, Em..." you groan,	immediately	feeling	life breathed	into your dick."Oh Anon... Surely you	need	something to	help	you	fall	asleep...""Sir, your order?" came	a	voice, "Sir	can	ya'	hear me?""I don't know. But	I know how you can start.""Fine," you acquiesce, "But	you	know	I only love	you,	right?""Just a kiss..." he	said, mulling it	over,	"Okay.	Fine.""Oh Anon... Surely you	need	something to	help	you	fall asleep...""Fuck, Em..." you groan,	immediately	feeling	life breathed	into your	dick."Not yet at least,"	she	added, climbing up	next	to you."Thanks," he called as	you opened the door to leave."Fine. Atlas. So we	go	back to Ponytown	and then	what?""And the second best	one	I've fucked	at that!" you joke."Then come get me!"	she	whined,	"What are	you waiting for?""No that's not! Ugh...	Can we not talk about this?""You want me to	reveal	myself	as a	Changeling in public?""Like I wanna go	back	to	sleep. What	time is	it?""Then, Anon, if you	wish	to proceed, you have	my permission.""Excellent! Metamora, show me	how you render this unique substance.""Shit, Em... I'm so	glad you	let	me do this.""Em, come on!" you	whined,	"You	know I	didn't mean it!""Come on, we're already	cuddling	and everything... Just	a quick	nap.""Sure, sure... as soon	as	we	can sleep for	a bit.""Hey bugbutt!" you screamed,	"Get	your drunk ass the	fuck	up!""H-Hive, Anon... of all	the	times to be	gentle with	me...""Wait, you have Ambien	in	this	universe? Yeah, I'll	take	two.""You don't need to.	This is a gift, freely given.""Right now?" she asked,	"I'm	hungry.	Teleportation takes	so much energy.""Infiltrator Metamora and Sir	Anon,	here	upon request of	her	Highness.""And you're taller now!"	you	winked, "You know what that	means.""You said purple, right?"	she	asked, "The	spell,	it was purple?""Y-you bully! I just	came like seven times from that!""It would appear that	way,	if you are	to be	believed.""Huh, what? Where are	we?"	she asked	groggily, "What's going on?""Relax! He's super nice,	couldn't	hurt	a breezie	if he tried.""Like I said, they're	probably already tracking Changeling magic now.""Sir, your order?" came	a	voice, "Sir can	ya' hear me?""We have visual. Restrain	and	exfil. Priority target	is the	human.""Sorry..." you chuckle, "Never	have	been	good at that	one... so...""Fuck, Em..." you groan,	immediately	feeling life breathed	into your	dick."I-I... I'm sorry" she	apologized,	a	tear running	down	her cheek."I can't help myself,	Anon,"	she whispered,	turning	to	face	you."Hey bugbutt!" you screamed,	"Get	your drunk ass the	fuck	up!"You shut the door	behind	you, following	Atlas	into	your room."You don't have to,"	you	said,	squeezing her	tight, "not	yet.""You know what! Come	on, push me over the edge!""Holy shit Em, you're	pregnant?"	you ask, completely	misreading the	situation."She looks  like	she	stole	Pharynx's, colors.	Just	better looking.""I don't, ugh!" she	denied, "Let's just...	Pharynx,	do	something!""Wait, you have Ambien	in	this	universe? Yeah,	I'll take	two.""Em, this isn't normal.	I'm	freaking the	fuck	out,	come	on.""H-Hive, Anon... of all	the times	to	be gentle with	me..."Flash."What kind	of	imbecile do you take me for. All creatures have magic.	And furthermore, even had	you	not teleported here, you still knocked	out	a Changeling, and	by	all	accounts	it appears you intended to	kidnap	her.""What?""Nerrrrrrrrrrrd.""Yeah..."Home"You know what,	Atlas," you seethe, "you can suck	my	fat hairy	cock."	The	same	inkeeper	from last night just happened to	be staring	directly	at you	as you said	that. "FUCK!""That doesn't	sound like diplomacy	then.""Anon!""Uh...	Your forehead	probably."Knock Knock"Anon!" Metamora yelled,	exasperated, "Show a	little respect!""Anon!"	Metamora	yelled, exasperated, "Show a little	respect!""You'd	get me caught in a	heartbeat!""It's a	pest!""Why?""Clear Right!""That's	not what I..." she paused, "That	wasn't	love I	made,	it	was	love	I held. I fed you, the	same way	I'd	feed love	I'd gathered to	another Changeling.""S-Sorry!"And you thrust	once."Do what?""Changelings	don't	have	nicknames either.""Anon	don't-"Hoofsteps?"Sh- He probably	doesn't need one, you know how he is. And you	seem like a kinda	mad	scientist," you said, drawing ire, "but	in	a sexy way	-	I	promise!"	That didn't seem to make	things	better."Fuck you!"You	paused for	a	moment."You'll	what?""Oh my god...""Do what?""Great,	this was a nice family moment here, but Celestia please	tell me you're not	done	yet. I'm cumming in one or	both	of you before	I	leave	this	room, and Celestia you've got	first	rights."Schlorp."You put up	a	sign?""What happened?""Yeah...""Yeah..."Flash."No," you whispered,	the fight draining from you as you unclenched your now	bloodied fist and let	go with	your	other	hand. The	unicorn	you were holding	slumped down,	maybe	lifelessly,	maybe just passed out."I don't	see	her	around, yet...""Shit,	I-I... I	wasn't thinking,	I...""Where are we going? Isn't it	naptime?""Command	me as you will.""Just	a moment, Anon..." she trilled, crossing her horn over Pharynx's	as a few pink	sparks crossed	between	them.	After a	moment,	he jumped back	in surprise	before	looking	at you with... hunger?Fuck."That doesn't sound	like diplomacy	then.""Nerrrrrrrrrrrd.""Em, that's..."HomeFuck."You'll	what?".“Twilight, why the fuck are we going to Pornotown again?”“Ponyville, Anon!” Metamora corrected.“Yes. We’re headed to Ponyville because the entire hive of Changelings are marching for it as we speak.”“Really? How’d they hear about asylum all the way in the hive?” you asked.“They didn’t, Anon. That’s what worries us,” Twilight confirmed, “They’re planning something, and I doubt it’s an olive branch.”“So we go find them first and tell them about asylum.”“Yes, Anon. Let’s go find some war-hungry Changelings and tell them that one of their Queens is in bed with the ponies, in more ways than one.”“Exactly! You’re a Queen! They basically have to listen to you.”“They’ll see me as a traitor, Anon.”“So we need to handle this on familiar ground,” Twilight interjected, “We need an advantage.”“What’s the advantage of Ponyville? Why not confront them somewhere where there aren’t any ponies or buildings or anything.”“The Elements of Harmony. They’re all in Ponyville. Nothing can stop us there.”“Fine, let’s go. But as soon as we get back, promise me you’ll give me a big dick back.”“Anon,” Twilight chided.“No! One condition. And now just because you’re being an ass I won’t do it unless you make it bigger than it was.”“Sweet Celestia, Equestria is about to be overrun by misguided Changelings and you’re still just thinking about your dick?”“So far it’s gotten me out of just about every sticky situation I’ve been in. Although it’s gotten me into a lot more warm, wet situations as of late. So yes, Anon Jr. Is first priority. Then Metamora, then the rest of me, then whatever ‘life threatening’ shitshow I have to deal with.”“You know what. I don’t have time to argue. You get us out of this and I’ll make your dick as big as you want.”“Deal!”“Hey, I know this place!” you chuckle, turning around to drink in the scene around you. As you spun around you reveled in the familiar sight, your eyes finally catching another familiar face.There behind the front desk to the inn was Cornflower herself, a look of surprise coloring her face as she tried to catch her thoughts.“Anon, Metamora!” she squealed, leaping clumsily over the desk to come meet you.“How do you know her na-”“Long story, Twi. We’ll talk about it later. ”“I heard the news about you two, I’m so happy for you both!” Cornflower gushed, her normally timid nature overruled by sheer excitement.“Couldn’t have done it without you, Corny,” you chuckled, tousling her mane with a hand.“I also heard that there’s a caravan of Changelings coming to seek asylum.”“No, they’re not here to seek asylum,” Twilight corrected, “they’re here to wage war. We can’t let them get past Ponyville or they’d march on Canterlot next.”“That sounds like a vast oversimplification that relies on fear-mongering to completely strip them of their intrinsic value,” you argue, “We need to give them a chance, who knows if they would survive if we sent them away.”“Anon! We just went over this. There’s no way they know about the asylum, they’re on the warpath.”“I still don’t see how we can’t make good on this. I mean I’ve been able to convince pretty much anyone of anything using the power of my dick. Why can’t we just get out there and show them some love?”“I don’t think that’s going to work this time,” Metamora sighed, “Also are you sure you want to save the world with that?”“Not you too, Em! It’s embarrassing enough to have this shriveled thing attached to me, now you’re telling me it’s not enough to save the world?”“Anon,” Twilight yelled, “Can you be serious for one moment?”“You know I can’t.”“Ugh, then maybe could you stop talking about your dick for just a minute?”“Fine. I’ll keep it in my pants.”“Great! We need to make sure that we’re on the same page and have everything prepared for when the Changelings arrive.”“Then when do they get here, and what’s our gameplan?” you asked, turning to Twilight.No sooner had you finished your sentence then you heard a deafening buzz as the sky darkened outside. You all made for the door to see what was happening outside, but you all knew exactly what it was. When you finally made it into the open, you watched as an army descended from the skies. They assembled in perfect formation, an ordered block forming. You realized this had to be every last Changeling alive.“Stop!” Metamora yelled, the number of still-moving Changelings complying with her command, “This doesn’t have to be a war, there’s a way to be at peace!”The Changelings murmured amongst themselves, most having joined formation at this point.“I’ve learned something that’s completely new, I’ve learned to fall in love. I know that we can teach each and every one of you the same.”You brushed your hand through Metamora’s mane, her monologue lighting a fire in you.“I’ve found something that I know exists for every one of you. There’s love in endless quantity, if you just ask for it. I promise that it’s worth the effort, to be loved… It’s unbelievable. Will you give up this futile war and receive this gift of peace and love for all?”Silence filled the air around you, an eerie quiet as a thousand souls conspired to remain completely still. A motion started near the middle of the group, something moving toward you.“Metamora…” a scolding voice broke through the crowd, “I had higher hopes for you than this.”Chrysalis emerged from the shifting mass of Changelings, walking calmly and casually up to where you and Metamora stood. She stared at Metamora with a snarl on her face, lips curled in anger.“You’d betray the hive, betray yourself, all to submit to the ponies? We could have ruled together, you and I. We could have been unstoppable!”“Chrissy are you jealous?” you ask.“Stay out of this human, you’ve done quite enough.”“We can still be unstoppable, Chrysalis. Together, all of us. Ponies and Changelings under one banner.”“You talk as if the ponies intend to cede us any power. No, we’d be slaves under their rule, forced to bend to their whims.”“That’s not true. The only thing they asked of me is that I love in kind. It’s something that we all can learn”“They asked you to give up your love, to take it by their rules. Can’t you see this is a trap to starve you of your power?”“It’s not. I’ve never felt more powerful, I’ve never felt more alive!”“That’s because you’re weak! Just like you’ve always been, Metamora. Ever since you were a nymph you were unbelievably weak and somehow still incredibly lucky.”“I… t-that’s not…” Metamora started, stammering.“Oh but it is. You didn’t have the grit to be a soldier, Metamora. You were too weak to do what is necessary. You couldn’t have defended yourself from a cockatrice, much less the threats we face.”“But I’m an-”“A what? An infiltrator? Exactly what have you infiltrated lately? Because last I checked the only thing that you’ve compromised is yourself. All the love it’s taken to sustain you all these years has been a waste. You’ve taken, taken, taken from the hive and the only contribution you’ve ever found you’re hoarding to yourself.”Metamora didn’t say anything, tears welling in her eyes.“Yes. You’ve heard me right. You’re a disgrace to Changelings everywhere. You have no loyalty to your race, you had no fealty to the crown before you took it for yourself. Your rise to Queen was a mistake, a funny one at that. Every last Changeling is laughing at you now - Metamora, the lesser queen.”“You’re going to want to stop that,” you command, watching Chrysalis whip to pay attention to you.“And what if I don’t. What are you going to do about it? You’re weaker than she is! You’re everything fragile about a pony, except there’s not even any magic in you!”“Is that so?” you ask, stepping forward, “If I had no magic, could I do this?”You grabbed for her horn in front of you, but she deftly dodged out of the way. She cast a reactionary bolt of magic aimed at center mass. You felt it hit, and just like before, it stung but that was it.“Oh come on. You don’t think that’s going to stop me, do you?” you ask, a light green energy exuding from your hands as you grinned smugly, “In fact I think it’s time you act your age.”The beam shot forth, hitting her from all sides as she recoiled in surprise. Suddenly she shrunk in size, taking on a youthful look. Before too long you stood towering over, once more, filly Chrysalis.“What have you done?” She squealed, her voice higher even than Aphelion’s.“I put you in your fucking place. It’s time for a fucking time out.”“How dare you!” she squeaked obviously struggling to change back but somehow having no luck. Her anger rekindled a thousand times hotter as she stared up at you, “You can absorb magic, it seems, but how would you deal with this?”You felt, suddenly, like the air around you had thinned. You breathed in, getting that terrifying feeling that you couldn’t catch your breath.“Feeling a little lightheaded, Anon? Having trouble with your breath? Really hard to breathe without air, isn’t it?”“No.” Metamora growled, her flowing pink mane and tail flapping as if there were a heavy wind, “You back the fuck off of him.”A cascade of what looked almost like cherry blossoms flew forth from Metamora, each one hitting Chrysalis and making her wince. She lost her concentration, and you, with relief, felt air reach you again. You took a moment to catch your breath, watching Metamora work. The flurry of petals only grew as Chrysalis recoiled. She held a hoof to block her face as she tried to steady herself. Suddenly the petals deflected around her, Metamora’s weapons now a shield.“You’re more foalish than I thought, Metamora.” Chrysalis laughed, now back to her full size and floating in a cocoon of pink light not dissimilar to the ones you knew, “You can’t defeat me by giving me love! If I wasn’t at my best earlier, you surely must know that I am now.”“That’s not-” Metamora asked, “I don’t want to fight you.”“That’s right. You don’t. You’re so weak that every move you make just makes my conquest easier.”“I’m trying to show you that love can be shared,” Metamora plead, “There’s plenty of love for everypony, freely given too.”“Well if that’s the case then I’ll take some more. Actually,” she paused, her horn glowing to life, “I’ll take it all.”You watched as Metamora’s eyes went wide, a stream of pink and white evacuating her from the tip of her horn. She gasped for breath as the beam intensified, color draining from her mane and tail. You stared in horror as you tried to act, your body not complying quickly enough as you ran to interrupt the beam. You tackled Metamora and held her tight, feeling an overwhelming coldness to her that you’d never known before.“You know, Anon, I thought about keeping you,” She said as the beam had finally ceased, “But with all of Ponyville to keep me fed, you’re not quite worth the risk.”You couldn’t do anything but clutch your Changeling tight as you watched her horn light again. The aura around Chrysalis changed, first the golden-white flurries around her decaying back to pink. With moments more you noticed too the pink sparks start to turn, you watched as the love now formed an eerie greenish burn.“Goodbye you two,” she chuckled, “You really do deserve each other, and the slow agonizing death that awaits.”You woke up after - how long had it been? Actually, where were you? Wherever you were it was dark, damp, and smelled like decaying plants. Man, this is way weirder than the time you woke up in a Denny’s parking lot at 3AM. And you can’t help but think there was something important to deal with.Moving around to get to your feet, something doesn’t quite feel right. Your arms feel… empty. Like they should be holding something but they’re not. As you get to your feet and survey the cold, dark, featureless cavern you found yourself in you noticed something else here with you.Several feet away was an unmoving mass of dark grey, seemingly covered in some kind of silver-grey mist. It took a few moments to realize exactly what you were looking at, but after some time you realized that you were staring at another creature.Another creature, dark grey… Who did you know that fit that bill? Man why was it so hard to think right now. You felt so exhausted in every possible way, it’s like you just wanted to give up. But something felt so very important about that thing you were fixated on. And then it clicked.You scrambled over to the lifeless husk that you realized was your beloved. As soon as you got close, you felt an overwhelming cold surround you, you knew it originated from her. You knew she wasn’t breathing. You knew…“No. You can’t,” you cried, picking her up and holding her against you, feeling that cold seep into you too. “Please, Em. I can’t be alone anymore. I need you.”You held her tight, waiting for any sign, any notice that she may be okay. When that didn’t come you just sat there. You weren’t an expert in medicine at all, especially not in magical talking pony land, but the prognosis was simple: either she survives or you hold her until you die too.Then you heard it, a soft breath, so quiet and shallow that you’re surprised you even noticed it.“Please, please, please,” you plead, holding her close and slowly rocking back and forth.“Anon,” Metamora smiled, her voice weak, “you saved me.”“Em!” you screamed, pulling her against you as tightly as you could, “Oh my god I was so worried. I thought you died.”“Silly,” she chuckled, breathing sharply, “You’re not getting rid of me that easy. I lo-”She grasped at her chest with a hoof as if something inside was missing, a look of shock suddenly coloring her face.“Em, save your energy.”“No Anon,” she panicked, her breathing rapid, “She took it. She took my love. She’s right, I’m just like the ponies… without that spark… without the seed… I’ll die.”“But how? Cant I just give you mine?”“No Anon, I’ve changed,” she explained. “I need my love too or…”“Tell me what you need,” you asked, willing yourself to rise above the lethargy that was plaguing you.“Your Highness, we have that situation report you requested,” a Royal Guard announced, cutting through the tense silence in the throne room.“By all means,” Celestia encouraged, “Let’s hear it.”“Yes, your Highness, right away,” the guard confirmed, “As we feared, Ponyville has been completely taken by the Changelings. It is our understanding that the entire hive has converged on the town. At this time we do not know the disposition of the Elements of Harmony or of Anon and Metamora, both known to be in Ponyville at the time of the attack. From our limited reconnaissance we know that they have total air and land control of the area in and around Ponyville. We can’t gain any situational awareness inside the city at this time. We have established an exclusionary zone surrounding the city and can confirm positive control over all attempts to enter or exit this area. It is the recommendation of the Royal Guard Corps that we engage the Unicorn Special Warfare Group for a targeted insertion ahead of a larger force deployment.”“Thank you,” Celestia began, “How soon can we-”“They think Ponyville is their beachhead,” Luna spoke, pausing to ensure that everyone was listening, “But sister, if Anon and Metamora are both there, maybe it is in fact ours. Given time it is most certain that they can diffuse this. ”“So we let Ponyville burn until somehow the human and a Changeling we hope is on our side still manage to pacify this?” A random noble calls out, clearly off-put by the idea.“No, we won’t let Ponyville burn, but Luna - that gives me an idea,” Celestia started, “How long would it take to amass the resources to drive the Changelings out of Ponyville?”“Assuming that we can control for their Queen, we could have that operation staged inside of a week.”“Right, sister,” Luna agreed, “they would then flee to the hive and no longer be a problem.”“Not quite. Before we allow them to flee Ponyville, we’re going to destroy their hive.”“But then the Changelings would simply disperse throughout our lands!” another noble objected.“Exactly, and as they continued in smaller numbers, we could easily target small groups and teach them how to love. We can still bring this to a peaceful end.”“Princess, with all due respect, we’re at war! We shouldn’t be trying to convert them, we should be trying to eliminate the threat!” the first noble called out again, drawing hushed agreement from the crowd.“No. I will not allow us to eliminate an entire species because they’re simply misguided. Metamora has shown us that the Changelings are redeemable. We owe it to her and Anon, we owe it to ourselves to finally bring this long and bloody conflict to a peaceful end. This matter is not up for discussion any further. Guards, you have your orders.”“Have a plan drawn up for this at once,” the leading guard directed his underlings, “I want this in motion by nightfall.”“Em, come on. You’re gonna have to give me a bit more input if you ever want me to find my way in this god damn maze. I don’t understand how you navigate this nightmare of a hive.”“Sorry,” she wheezed, hanging limply from your back as you jogged through the dim, empty halls of the hive, “Just… take a left at the glowing lichen and then another right after you pass the armory.”“How about you tell me when, not where,” you direct, “I don’t even know what a lichen is.”This continued for far too long, until you finally reached the chamber you were looking for. Inside were the stores of love the Changelings had for various purposes. In the middle of the room were three enormous translucent tanks filled with a roiling red liquid.“Alright, Em. Found the war reserves. What do we do next.”“You just need to release the stored love. Just activate the-” she paused, “activate-”She slumped on your back, her grip loosening as she slid to the floor.“Activate what?” you yell, scrambling to find some kind of lever or mechanism and finding absolutely nothing. “Come on Em, we’re so fucking close!”She didn’t respond, once again a crumpled heap on the floor.Fuck.Well there was more than one way to skin a cat. Realization hit you just like that, if you couldn’t release the love however it was supposed to be released, then you’d get it out in a more destructive way. You knew the throwing things against other things magic would come in handy sometime soon. But as you channeled your energy into your hands in the only way that made sense, you realized that there was nothing. No magic came to aid you and, in fact, you felt that overwhelming hunger again too. Shit. Now you were both dying of weird pony land versions of starvation.But you could feel some untapped power left. A darker, more primal force welled within you. It only asked one thing of you:Be angry.And you had a fucking right to be! What hadn’t tried to kill you in these past few days? Fucking sunhorse had a good crack at it, then you almost killed yourself because no one thought to tell you about magic death syndrome, and then that fucking other Changeling Queen. God you saw the smug look on her face and you just wanted to destroy something.You knew exactly what you wanted to destroy. That black ooze once again came to your aid, pouring forth as the entire ground began to tremble. You watched as cracks formed in the massive tanks of love, the liquid inside agitated even further as the entire room seemed to vibrate.You grinned as you clenched your fists, imagining yourself crushing those containers just like you would the bones of your adversaries. And just like they would fall, so to did the love reserves, emptying their red payload like freshly spilled blood.As your quest completed, you willed that darkness back inside of you, laughing to yourself that Luna would caution you against such power. You felt awake, alive again. You weren’t afraid of that power, no more afraid than you had always been of the void inside of you. No, that was something you had well under control. You’d been hiding that since as far back as you remember.Except just as you thought you had brought everything under control, you realized that the ground was still shaking. You could hear explosions all around. Was this… Was this what she meant to warn you against. No, this was something else. This was bigger. This was intentional, something was trying to destroy the hive.“Em?” you ask, noticing that she had absorbed all the love and was in the middle of one of her characteristic light shows “Come on the light show is pretty and all but I think we have bigger problems here.”As her fireworks display drew to an end, she sprung into action without a moment’s hesitation, flying at you and grabbing hold as she aimed for a hole that had appeared in the ceiling. She darted through narrow passageways, ascending through freshly made tunnels as she raced to escape the destruction. You held on tighter and tighter as th clearances between you two and instant death became smaller and smaller, not daring to so much as take a breath lest it  You could see the sunlight now, still clinging tight to Metamora as she flew as fast as she could through the crumbling structure around you, dodging falling debris and weaving between crags as you made it to the exterior of the hive around halfway up its former height.“Looks like it’s my turn to save you, huh Anon?”“Em,” you laughed, staring at her as she looked back at you. But out of the corner of your eye you saw something she didn’t, “Watch ou-”There was nothing she could have done to avoid the house sized boulder above as it crashed into you two, combining with the stability of Metamora’s wings to eject you to one side, hurtling at twice the speed you previously were. Within moments of the impact, Metamora’s entire form went slack, her wings managing to maintain glide slope somehow as you both careened off into the distance, rapidly approaching the ground at a barely survivable slope.As you got close enough to the ground that you could brush the tips of trees, you reached up to encompass Metamora, coaxing her wings to fold and wrapping yourself around her as best you could.You felt the impact clear as day, skidding to a halt as you dragged along the unforgiving ground. You glanced off a tree, knocking Metamora loose from your grasp as you finally started to come to a rest.The last thing you saw before your eyes shut was Metamora, lying peacefully some distance away in what seemed a very familiar forest.You awoke with a start once again, jolting awake for no good reason. This time however, Metamora was not a crumpled heap on the ground next to you. No, she was very much awake and was staring at you with a predatory glance. Fuck you loved her so much. Even in the middle of a forest after a crash landing she’s still ready to go.“I don’t know what you are, but you smell delicious,” she swooned, “I intend to take my time with you.”Was she really… Fuck, roleplaying your first ever time together? Crash landed in a forest and sex was still on her mind, fuck you loved her so damn much. Your dick was already stiffening through your now well-worn pants.“Oh no, a strong and powerful Changeling has found me all alone in the forest…” you mock, “Whatever will I do? I hope she doesn’t suck the love out of me!”“Quiet creature! I don’t understand what you find so funny, but I intend to get my use out of you. If you’re cooperative, I’m in a mood to reward you.”“Oh? And how would you do that?”“I could change into anything you want.”“Oh, you don’t have to do that, I’ve got a bit of a Changeling fetish. You know, something ‘bout the leg holes gets me hard as diamond.”“You think this is funny?” she snaps, baring her teeth at you, “You think this is a game? Well we’ll see who’s laughing when I’ve taken all of your love.”“Em, can you tone it down a bit? Like I’m all for the predator prey shit but I still wanna know it’s my bug in there, ya know.”“What are you talking about and who is Em?”“You… uh… Actually I’m kinda uncomfortable with where this is going. Can we maybe just scrap this and call it off for now?” you ask, trying to get back to your feet.“Sit down, human!” she screamed, her words giving her pause, “Human… why is that word familiar?”“Wait hold on…” you realize, “You’re actually… did you forget who I am?”“What’s there to forget? We’ve only just met.”“No that’s not quite it. Come on, snap out of it.”“What are you talking about? Are you sure you’re all right in the head?”“No, but I’m positive you’re not. Metamora, something is wrong.”No sooner had you finished your sentence than she had pounced on you, holding you down with her hooves as she bared her fangs at you.“How do you know my name?” she snapped, “What kind of sorcery is this?”You couldn’t believe that this was actually happening. That fall, or the rock that caused it must have given her some kind of amnesia. But to have forgotten everything between the two of you, that hurt on a completely new level. Did it hurt more to think that she could so easily forget you, or to realize that she couldn’t remember what you shared for herself?“Promise you’ll listen if I tell you?”“You think you can compel me to make a promise?”“I think you’re curious enough to listen,” you answered, reaching out and grabbing her.She struggled in surprise until she realized she couldn’t escape your grip. After she worked out of her desire to struggle, she silently resigned to her new state. You wondered if she could feel the love even like this.“I know your name because, well…” you respond, “I couldn’t ever forget someone as special as you. And I don’t think you’ve forgotten me either, I just need to refresh your memory.”“I told you, I don’t know you!” she whined, struggling briefly against your grasp.“That’s just not true,” you disagree, stroking her mane with one hand, “no one’s ever known me like you do. And I’ve never known someone as well as I know you. I love you, Metamora. More than anything else in this world or mine. And I know you love me too.”“Impossible, I’d never waste love I gathered by giving it to some other creature. That love belongs to the hive!”“It’s not love you gathered though,” you correct, “Can’t you feel it? Sure, there’s love you gathered, but there’s something else, isn’t there?”“What are you talking about?”“I’m talking about the love you’ve created. Deep inside you there’s a little spark of something different, a spark of your love.”She looked at you as if you had just revealed her deepest secret to the entire world, staring in shock and mild disgust.“No!” she yelled, wiggling against your hold “Let me go! What kind of trick is this?”“This isn’t a trick, Em. This is real life. You’ve spent the last few weeks with me, learning what it means to love, learning what it means to be loved.”“I spent the last several weeks following that stupid Unicorn and he’s dead now! What the fuck are you talking about?”“You really don’t remember any of it, do you?”“How many times do I have to tell you I have no idea what you’re talking about?”“Then settle in,” you said, spinning her around to lay in your lap as you propped yourself up against a nearby tree, “It’s storytime.”She didn’t resist your repositioning, snugly coming to rest with her head under yours. You wanted to imagine that’s because there was a part of her that wanted what you were saying to be true.“So it all started in the Everfree Forest. You found me after I crash-landed in this totally unfamiliar planet out of the middle of nowhere. You harvested my love not once but twice, which as predatory behavior goes was really not all that bad. Then you, well… you got lovedrunk. You told me about your disguise, Atlas-”“First you know my name, now you know my disguise!” she struggled again, “How do you know who I am?”“Let me tell my story!” you demand just a bit indignantly, “So you calm down and then we go to meet Twilight Sparkle. You introduced me to her, she ran some tests, we almost fucked, it was a whole thing. Then we went to your room at the inn and… That was the first time we made love, you and I. Before that… I mean here in the forest it was just physical, but we both wanted what happened that night in the shower and after…”You paused, a fuzzy warmth welling in you at just the thought of your first time together. She shuddered too, but you weren’t sure if that was her doing or if she just could tell what you were feeling.“Then we went back to where I landed with Twilight and you almost got yourself caught. Then we fucked again. Then Twilight wanted to run more tests which was secret code for wanting to fuck me. Then you got all jealous - sorry, Atlas got all jealous because I stole his mare. Then we fucked again, and then the Princesses showed up.”“This story has a lot of sex in it. How did you get it up so much? And why didn’t taking so much of your love kill you?”“I dunno, I’m fucking special or something, I guess. But yeah, we did. Less so when we got to Canterlot, but when we did… It meant a lot more. We didn’t do anything that first night, you thought it would have been too risky. But the next day we ran all over Canterlot and then I told you that I loved you. Man I remember how pissed you where when I said that. You still had so much to learn. But we went on our first date, me as myself and you as a gorgeous green mare you called Emerald. Second most beautiful mare I’ve ever met. Course without the disguise you take number one so…”“Why are you so… You’re so happy about falling in love with a Changeling. Nopony’s ever fallen in love with a Changeling.”“Nobody had fallen in love with a Changeling. But I did. After that night we… things were different. A little gentler, a little more sensual. The next time we… Well you just asked me to hold you. And I did, and I told you I loved you, and then… That was the first time I saw whatever the thing you do with my love is… I honestly can’t describe it but you do it like every time now. That was the first night you tried to say it. You tried to say that you loved me. I remember how sad you were that you couldn’t, but you didn't need to, I knew… After that we ended up getting caught in the Royal Archives and I evidently teleported us your hive.”“You claim to have been in the hive? That’s impossible. No creature has ever escaped the hive.”“I know at least four royal guards and one human that disagree with that,” you led, moving on, “So yeah, we spooked the shit out of everyone there and that gay Changeling, what was his name… Pharynx! He plastered me to a wall! Then you explained everything and he let us go, but not without a babysitter. Man, I miss Aphelion, she was so adorable. I bet she’ll grow up to be just like you some day, strong, powerful, lovable. Anyway… We fucked and then we went to see Queen Chrysalis and then we fucked, again, in front of her. And then turns out she got lovedrunk so I fucked her too…”“You’d dare insult my Queen by claiming to have lain with her?”“Well, turns out I’ve fucked two Changeling Queens. And that’s actually the next part. After I said some dumb shit you ended up getting jealous, rightfully so, and stormed off. We made up and then, well, you turned into a Queen. And I’d like to take this moment to remind you that you’re just so beautiful.”“You… You really do love me, don’t you? If this is true, why can’t I remember it. If I could love, why don’t I…”“I’ll help you remember. Do you want to remember?”“I… continue your story.”“Right. So as soon as you turned all of the sudden we were captured by the angriest Royal Guards in existence. They took us back to Canterlot where they locked us up in a dungeon. Princess Celestia or… maybe not quite Princess Celestia tried to rape me and make you watch. I learned that I had magic powers and, well… we diffused the situation. Turns out she was just lonely. But that was the first time you gave up love. You let me love her and I think that showed us all something. After that they decided to make us official citizens of Equestria and… Well, that’s still my favorite moment of this whole thing.”“Why is that?” Metamora asked, definitely engrossed in your tale.“Because that’s the first time you told me you loved me. I…”“I told you I loved you?” she asked, a note of hopeful belief in her voice.“Yeah. It was such a special moment. I… I don’t think there will ever be something as precious to me as that moment. As precious to me as you.”“Anon…” she whispered, looking up at you.“I’m sorry, this whole thing, just… I’m so sad that you can’t remember. Not just for me, but… I love you so damn much I can’t bear to imagine us apart.”“Anon…” she said, just a little louder this time.“Just… No matter what, I’m gonna keep loving you. I won’t stop loving you until you remember, and then I still won’t stop. Just… I need you, Em.”“Anon,” she interrupted, raising her voice, “I love you!”“You remember?”“Of course I remember. I can’t believe I could have ever forgotten you. I’m so sorry.”“I knew you'd remember. I love you too.”“The Guard is at the ready, your Highness. We’re ready to retake the city on your command.”“Excellent. Let’s go over the plan once more.”“Right,” the lead guard spoke, “Early this morning a Unicorn Special Warfare Group detachment infiltrated the city and is on standby to provide force recon and battle-shaping capabilities. Upon your command, approximately 1200 Royal Guards will enter Ponyville from seven different established vectors, converging on a point designated by the USWG team. Intel from this team will also direct designated forces to priority offensive and defensive targets, such as the Elements of Harmony, the human and his reformed Changeling, and any high-power Changeling forces. Further, two specifically designated detachments will each locate one of the Changeling Queens and pacify any threats.”“Oh my, sister, we’ve never been a specifically designated detachment before!” Luna laughed, eliciting a chuckle from Celestia.“Yes, it does sound so matter-of-fact, does it not? Nonetheless, continue.”“Upon successful completion of targeted enforcement activities, all forces will redirect in an evacuative action, performing a grid-based zone sweep to establish positive control originating from the designated convergence point. Once the city is cleared, limited forces will remain to establish a defensive perimiter around Ponyville while all remaining forces will be directed via aerial surveillance to splinter any large groups and render all hostile Changelings for processing.”“And just so we’re on the same page, what are we targeting for acceptable losses?” Celestia asked in a stern tone.“None.”“Excellent. Let’s begin.”On Celestia’s signal, the lead guard let loose a magical flare from his horn. The flare traveled upward, well above the city before exploding into an enormous burst that was clearly visible even against the bright daylight. In reaction, the group Celestia and Luna were embedded within, and unseen elsewhere all the other groups, started marching toward Ponyville. Over the next minute several smaller colored flares burst over the city, marking points of interest. Blue marked the convergence point, unsurprisingly near the heart of Ponyville. Purple marked targets of interest, stronger Changelings or locations of the Elements of Harmony. Green marked the approximate known location of Queen Chrysalis. A fourth flare, pink, never came; indicating none of the SpecOps unicorns had found Anon or Metamora. Luna, who was in charge of locating Metamora and, she hoped not having to pacify her, tried to maintain her composure, but it was obvious that worry clouded her expression.Inside of fifteen minutes, a wall of white converged on the center of the city, isolated pockets of magical activity kicked off around the city as teams worked to break down fortifications or disperse large groups of Changelings. But something odd was happening. The Changelings weren’t fighting back. In fact they weren’t doing anything. They just stood stock still, only moving to step out of the path of the encroaching guard. Celestia noticed this behavior from within her battalion, an intense feeling of nervous apprehension welling in the pit of her stomach.No sooner had the last Royal Guard entered the city than suddenly an enormous arc of green energy fired into the air, coalescing into a large disc in the center of town. Tracking the source of the energy, Celestia took to her wings, flying as fast as she could while Luna followed close behind. As they flew toward the source, the disc grew in size, its edges starting to curl ever so slightly downward as slowly but surely a dome began to form. The intensity of the magic flowing into the dome only increased, its approach to the ground only accelerating as the beam feeding it grew larger and larger with each passing second.As the dome grew closer to the ground, the princesses drew closer to the source of this magic, finding the caster to be none other than Queen Chrysalis herself, floating in the air with a wild green constellation orbiting her. As the orb grew in size, it also became more transparent, nearing the ground and taking on a nearly invisible aqua coloration.“Hello Princesses,” Chrysalis cackled, as her horn continued to beam energy to the growing trap. “I’ve been expecting you.”“Stand down, Chrysalis. You’ll never win!”A cacophonous thunder rang out as the dome finally crashed into the earth, soil and water yielding to the magical power as the growing field drew to a halt.“Oh but that’s where you’re so very wrong, Celestia. You see…” she laughed, her magic finally stopping, “I’ve already won.”“Give up, Chrysalis. There are over a thousand guards here to bring this to a peaceful end.”“Yes,” Chrysalis almost growled, her lips turning in a wicked smile, “Thank you so much for that. All this love, ours for the taking… Why I don’t even know what I’d do with it all.”“You don’t need to take anything! We want to find a way to give you the love you need to survive.”“Oh you’re absolutely right. I don’t need to take anything more. I’ve already taken so much! But where’s the fun in only having the bare necessities when you can have anything and everything?”“Chrysalis, we don’t want to hurt you or any of your Changelings but if you don’t surrender we will be forced to act.”“Surrender?” she laughed, “That is oh so rich! Why would we surrender when we control the high ground?”“You’re outnumbered, and no matter how powerful you think you are, we move planets on a daily basis.”“Your sister moves a rock, and you claim to control the only thing in this universe more tempestuous than yourself. I’m hardly scared,” Chrysalis quipped, “Plus you’re missing a key piece of this equation. I’ve not only taken most of Anon’s magic and all of Metamora’s love, I’ve taken her ability to generate love too. It’s a shame they couldn’t be around to see this play out, but unfortunately they had outlived their usefulness.”“You!” Luna screamed, her horn glowing to life as she considered putting it to use.“Oh calm down, Luna, we both know that horn is an empty threat.” Chrysalis snapped, “And even as vicious as you think me, I couldn’t kill them. Of course their survival… loveless, magicless, trapped at the bottom of the hive…”“We…” Celestia hesitated, trying to hold back a tear as she realized what happened, “We destroyed the hive. You have no home now!”There was a long pause as both Chrysalis and the two princesses went through a range of emotions. After some seconds a grin formed on the Changeling monarch’s muzzle.“Oho!” Chrysalis laughed, a subtle disappointment hiding just under the surface of her grin, “I can always build another hive but you… You’ve killed the very thing that’s put you in this position!”“We… We couldn’t have known!” Luna cried, trying to maintain her composure.“You’re right. Oh, isn’t irony a cruel mistress. That the thing you’ve placed all your hope in, the impossible pair that has given me my power was destroyed by the power that allowed it to flourish!”“Whatever has happened to those two, you must know we won’t let you succeed.”“You still think you have some chance here,” Chrysalis began, annoyance in her tone, “But you’re missing the clear reality. I have enough love to subdue this entire city in one spell. And if I didn’t I can just make more. And if I couldn’t I can drain all the love I need. Face it, you’ve lost this time.”“No!” Celestia yelled, “We’ll never-”She froze, realizing that there might have been some truth to Chrysalis’s words as she felt a green aura encompass her. She tried lighting her horn but the cloying green magic snuffed it out as quickly as it started. With the limited freedom she still had from this all-encompassing forcefield, she turned her head to look at Luna, seeing her sister in a similarly precarious state.“Right again, you will never… never resist me again, that is,” Chrysalis mused, “Now before I drain all these juicy love-stuffed ponies you’ve brought me, I figured I’d give you two an oh so special treat for bringing me such a delicious meal.”Celestia and Luna’s eyes both widened as they felt the aura surrounding them grow thicker around their horns. As suddenly as this change started, the green energy surrounding them started to massage their sensitive horns.“S-stop!” Celestia whined, staring in disbelief at the Changeling Queen that had already bested her.“What’s the matter? Can’t take a little fun?” Chrysalis asked, “Love tastes so much better when you’ve earned it. You want me to earn it, don’t you?”“No! Stop! I’ll never submit to you!”“Wrong. Answer.” Chrysalis growled, lifting the princesses in midair to meet her where she floated. “Now I’ll take your love and your magic. Be nice fillies and let your Queen have what she wants.”The effort Luna and Celestia were putting into fighting Chrysalis’s efforts was almost visceral. They both stared worriedly at each other as they clenched their jaws in focus. But before too much time could pass even their vehement resistance was overwhelmed, a lazy stream of magic and love floating out from each of their horns. Similarly to what had happened to Metamora, the beams converged into Chrysalis, emerging once again as green comets, encircling the omnipotent Queen in a bastardized display of her love and power.“Yes,” she purred, feeling their power amplified by the intrinsic love she had taken from Metamora, “Now, my subjects, you may feast!”Suddenly, all of the previously immobile Changelings sprang into action, each one drawing a similar bead of energy from one, two, some even three ponies near to them. Some more powerful Changelings managed to harness the same kind of magic that Chrysalis had liberated from Metamora, pulsing orbs of raw love energy encircling them as they drained the ponies around them.Minute after minute ticked by, the entire town slowly drained of its love. Then as soon as it had started it came to an end. The magic spheres collapsing one by one to instill their magic into their bearers. This cascade culminated with the enormous and almost solid-green shell surrounding Chrysalis, which collapsed with enough force to generate a staggering shockwave that sent the princesses plummeting some feet back to the ground.Chrysalis surveyed her handiwork, the two princesses lying defenselessly at her feet, only the faintest hint of color left in their manes and tails as they lay nearly devoid of magic. She landed once more, positively radiating with the magical energy she had absorbed. She savored the slow, triumphant waltz to the crumpled forms of the easily-defeated princesses.“I never thought I would see this day,” Chrysalis grinned, “The day I would finally take what is rightfully mine. From now on your kingdom belongs to me. Your subjects exist only to serve me and my kind. I can finally do what my forebears couldn’t and rebuild the Changeling empire to its former glory.”Celestia struggled weakly to her hooves, looking as Luna tried to do the same.“Now will you submit to me? I will find a place for you if you commit to serve my rule.”“No,” Celestia cried weakly, “I didn’t want this. We didn’t want this.”“Of course you didn’t want this. You’ve failed. You’ve led your nation into slavery and subjugation.”“That’s not it… You haven’t won like this, you’ve only doomed us all.”“The only thing doomed here is your pathetic rule,” Chrysalis snapped, “I have enough love to do this same thing in every city in Equestria, the Dragonlands, the Griffon Empire… I think I’ll start with Canterlot, though. Without a hive anymore I’ll be needing a throne suitable for a Queen.”“Draining us of love like this… You’ll eventually run out. But Metamora... she showed us how we could live in harmony, that when love is shared between us… that love is infinite.”“What kind of silly dream is that,” Chrysalis chuckled, “Nothing is infinite.”You jolted awake, somehow hearing the very noise that woke you. All around you the ground shook with a vicious force. Metamora too had been startled awake by the sound, fidgeting in your lap briefly before she realized that you were still holding her. By the time you could start to worry about the sudden earthquake, the shaking stopped, the forest returning to its quiet, eerie norm.“What was that?” you asked, a healthy amount of concern in your voice.“I’m not sure, but it sounded like it came from Ponyville… We shoul-”“How do you always know where everything is?” you asked, “Like I’ve got magic from your world and I can fucking shapeshift, when do I get my know-where-everything-is gland or whatever.”Metamora laughed, “Of all the things to worry about…”“Right, whatever. Spooky instant earthquake, probably should care more about that.”“Yeah. And if I’m right about that being Ponyville… Either Chrysalis just got her ass handed to her, …or the ponies did.”“You saw what she did to u-”“She caught us by surprise. The princesses would not have had the same problem,” Metamora interrupted, pausing, “Especially if they had the conviction to destroy the hive. If there are any Changelings left in existence when we get there, I’d be surprised.”“Oh come on Em! Celestia and Luna have seen the potential. They’re not just going to indiscriminately kill every Changeling.”“Just like Chrysalis would surely listen to reason and give herself up?” Metamora said, rolling off of you to stand on all fours.“Fine, you’re right, it could have gone either way.” you agree, getting to your feet, “Whichever it ends up being, let’s go figure out.”“We need to be careful, though,” Metamora cautioned, starting to head in the direction of the sound, “Whatever waits for us there is certainly not likely to be friendly.”“Uh Em…” you start, staring at the giant dome over Ponyville, “Since when did Ponyville have a giant bubble?”“Well I’m no expert, but this wasn’t here the last time we visited. Wonder if it’s to keep ponies in or out.”“One way to find out…” you call out, sprinting towards the dome.“Anon, no!” Metamora squeals, taking off after you. She’s gaining ground on you when you smash straight into the dome, hitting it like a brick wall.“Fuck, that hu-”Metamora collided with you, bouncing off and tumbling through the dome next to you as if it weren’t there.“Well, that answers that question. Looks like it’s made to let Changelings through. So uh… Still think the princesses came out on top?”“I uh…” Metamora said, getting to her hooves and walking back up to the dome, “That doesn’t sound very promising.”She tried to get back through the dome, trying a hoof first to make sure it was pliable to her intentions. But as her hoof came to rest on the inner surface of the dome, it did not give.“So uh… Lets Changelings in but not out… Now I’m even more curious,” you wonder, scratching your chin, “Hey, what do you think happens if I change into a Changeling?”No sooner had you floated the idea than you were suddenly occupying the form of Pharynx, feeling a little inadequate as you stood across from Metamora, your head coming up to the top of her chest. You once more walked toward the wall, closing your eyes as you braced for another impact. But then you felt it, a kind of waterfall sensation as the dome warped around you, allowing you passage.“Neat!” you called in Pharynx’s more gruff voice, “But I’m kinda sick of being shorter than you so…”You readied yourself to transform back, stopping as you realized that your clothes had somehow been left on the other side of the dome.“Fuck! How hard is it to keep a pair of pants on!” you scream, “Shit… I sound like my parents.”“Actually…” Metamora hesitated, “Maybe keep the disguise.”“Ugh. First you make fun of my tiny dick,”“I did not-”“Then you’ve gotta be taller than me. Jeez, Em. You really know how to make a guy feel inadequate.”“Just shut up,” she snapped, a green flash pouring over her as she took on Aphelion’s form.“Aww… You’re so cute and tiny! I could just…” you paused, “Actually… We gotta fuck like this sometime.”“Hive, is that all you can ever think about?”You didn’t respond. She knew the answer to that question.“Whatever. While you’re worried about getting your dick wet, I’m over here with a plan. We need to figure out what happened.”“Hey, I said sometime. It doesn’t have to be right now, but it doesn’t have to not be right now either.”“Come on,” she sighed, trying to hide the smile pulling at the corners of her mouth. You walked toward the center of town, realizing that the entire place was surprisingly empty. No ponies in the streets, no Changelings, no queens or princesses, no magic warfare… It was all kind of eerie.Once you drew near to the middle of town, you finally figured out where everyone was. They were all crowded in the streets, dazed and mindless like zombies as they just slowly shambled around, seeming to recoil in your presence as if they feared what you would do. You pressed further through the throng of dispossessed ponies in search of whatever caused their almost hauntingly docile state, having to push them out of the way as they only grew thicker towards the very center of the mass.And then you saw them. Two larger bodies slumped to the ground, not moving as the crowd around them continued to mill about aimlessly. You ran up to the princesses, quickly checking to make sure that they were alive.“Celestia! Luna!” you called out as you reached them.At first they didn’t move, your attention not drawing them from their unnatural slumber. It was only when Metamora finally arrived that they moved ever so slightly, confirming that they were still alive, if only barely.“What happened?” you asked, looking to the princesses to give you answers.Neither of them answered for a moment, the two of them moving to look at the two of you. As soon as their vision focused on you, they recoiled, genuine fear in their eyes.“Please- we have no more to give.” Celestia begged, her voice a shattered, defeated sound that hurt to hear. “I… I don’t want to die.”“Princess?” you asked, briefly forgetting your disguise, “It’s us! It’s going to be okay!”“We… We don’t wish to resist you, but there is nothing left to take from us but our lives.” Luna cried.“Whoa, hold on. What are you talking about? What happened?”“Anon,” Metamora stopped you, “They don’t realize we’re in disguise.”“Oh shit,” you recoiled, realizing your mistake, “Wait guys, it’s us. Anon and Em. We’re here to… save you or whatever I guess.”“Anon?” Celestia’s broken voice asked, as if you were an estranged relative who had been missing for years.“Yeah, just… What went down here? What are you guys…” you trailed off.“She…” Celestia started, shuddering, “She took everything.”“What do you mean? Who? What did they take?”“Chrysalis…” Metamora answered, presumably seeing something familiar in the princesses demeanor. Her horn lit, a solid white stream of magic flowing to the two princesses, washing over them. Their eyes seemed to brighten at this, but their manes and tails still remained dim and gray.“Yes… She took our love, our magic. She was unstoppable. We… We thought she killed you.” Luna spoke her voice no longer wavering.“No, Luna. We thought we killed them. The hive… we,” Celestia rebutted, pausing, “we had the best of intentions.”“Wait you did that?” you asked, “Man I knew my magic wasn’t that powerful.”“Speaking of,” Metamora motioned, “Anon, they need their magic back. Can you…”“What can I do about…” you paused, realizing her intent, “Yeah. I can do that.”It still confused you how situational magic was. You just thought of what you needed it to do, and it happened. You just envisioned the two princesses standing strong and radiant in front of you, and before you could open your eyes, there they were. They looked back at you in surprise, their manes and tails back to their bright, flowing norm.“So what happened here?”“Anon… Behind you!” Celestia called, fear in her voice again.You could feel the two creatures approaching you from behind, the urge to whip around and confront them fighting with your urge to imagine that nothing was there. Eventually you turned to see none other than Pharynx and Aphelion staring at you, but they looked …different. They looked warn down, tired, broken as they almost stumbled towards you.“Fuck. Guess the disguises aren’t useful against this,” you sighed, shifting back to your normal form as Metamora did the same.They just stared at you two as you transformed back, their expressions… sorrowful?“Um… What’s up with you two?”“She took their love as well.” Metamora observed, earning a hesitant nod from Aphelion.“Queen Chrysalis needed our love,” Pharynx choked, “She took almost all the love from everypony, Changeling, guard and citizen alike. But she has left us all with enough to survive.”“Wait she took all the love from everyone?” you ask. “What does she need all that love for?”“When my Queen asks something of me I do not question her orders.”“That’s… Taking all your love? That’s fucked up yo.”“I’m sure she has a plan,” Pharynx offered, a note of doubt in his voice.“Pharynx, there is only one Queen that has a plan now, and she will never ask you to give up your love.”Metamora punctuated her statement with another volley of white energy from her horn, filling the two Changelings with the love that was taken, and imbuing them with the power to love as well. Both of the formerly loveless Changelings stared back at her, their disdain almost immediately replaced with reverence.“Your H-Highness…” Pharynx said apologetically, bowing before Metamora as Aphelion silently followed, “thank you for this gift, but why are you not sequestering your love as Queen Chrysalis?”“I don’t need to take love. I’m filled with more love than I could possibly imagine at even the passing thought of how much I love Anon. This… the ability to create love… it’s so much more potent than stealing it.”“Chrysalis spoke of that too, that she could create love.”“Yes,” Metamora bristled, “She learned the mechanism from me, but she doesn’t understand it. She’s taken that the same as she took my love, but just like stealing love from another where it can be given freely, it is inherently weak.”“Hey, um…” you interject, “I know it probably isn’t the time, Em, but I need to say it.”“No, Anon. That’s exactly what I need.”“I love you,” you called, watching her rise in the air at your words, a white ball of energy forming in front of her as she levitated in the air. As she stopped rising and the ball stopped growing, it exploded outward, beams of light traveling out in all directions, each one targeting another pony or Changeling.“Q-Queen Metamora!” Aphelion yelled in astonishment. You watched as she gingerly lowered herself to the ground, giving you enough time to catch her before she landed and pull her into a hug.“Will you spread the word?” Metamora asked the two other Changelings, “From today onward, love is not to be taken but given and received. In this, we move forward.”They nodded in agreement, clearly in awe of this power. Aphelion turned to Pharynx and whispered gently into his ear.“I love you, Pharynx,” Aphelion calmly stated, drawing a blush to Pharynx’s visage“You too, squirt,” he replied, tousling her mane. “How touching,” a new voice spoke, “But you’ve won no victory yet, Metamora.”“Chrysalis!” Metamora yelled, whipping around to face her challenger, “This doesn’t have to be a fight.”“Oh it won’t be. Just like last time,” she laughed, “I’ll be taking what’s mine now.”“No, Chrysalis. You’re not taking anything else today,” Metamora declared, her horn flaring to life.“Oh, but I thought I might,” Chrysalis countered, her horn awash with green energy.But Metamora acted first. Her magic shot forth, a pink-tinted aura fully encompassing Chrysalis. As her magic grew in power, it became harder and harder to see the villainous queen through the shining, shimmering ether. For what felt like minutes Metamora unloaded on her former queen, dousing her in magical energy. But eventually her horn petered out, letting the aura around Chrysalis fade.And there she stood, completely unfazed.“You miserable fool! You’ve just given me so much love!”“Exactly,” Metamora said, catching her breath. “There’s no need to take anything. I can give you what you need.”“You can give us love, yes, but at the cost of enslavement to the ponies? I will not be sold.”“Chrysalis, this is not…” Metamora began, “I’m not a slave to anypony. For once in my life I’m finally free. Free from a hive that couldn’t sustain itself, free from the fear of persecution, free to feel.”“Free to be weak!” Chrysalis screamed.“No, free to be strong,” she corrected, deep in concentration as her horn flared to life again. She cast the same magic, once more bathing Chrysalis in light. This time Chrysalis managed to absorb the aura faster than Metamora could create it, looking positively energized as she received Metamora’s love.Celestia and Luna moved to stop Metamora, assuming that she meant to help her Queen only. But you knew better, stopping them with a wave of your hand as you watched the events unfold. No sooner had you stopped the princesses from acting than you wished that you hadn’t. Chrysalis, not content to draw in the power she was already receiving let loose her magic, her sinister green magic devouring the beam trailing from Metamora’s horn until she had completely turned the tables, encircling Metamora in a green glow. “Yes,” Chrysalis moaned, the rest of you watching as Metamora tried to stop her with wide eyes, “You have so much love to give and I’m going to take every last drop.”“Stop!” you screamed, lunging at Chrysalis as she seemed content to suck the last bit of love from Metamora. You watched your love deflate as she hit the ground, the Princesses, Aphelion, and Pharynx all rushing to her aid.“You can’t stop me, human!” she spat, lowering her horn as she aimed at you in rage. But in her rage, she forgot her lesson from your last encounter. What hit you was pure magical energy. Enough magical energy to…You felt the ground shake around you, opening your eyes to see the new forcefield surrounding you and Chrysalis. While it was much smaller than the one enclosing Ponyville, it was no less potent.“You so sure about that?” you asked, “I don’t play nice like the rest of them.”She screamed as she let loose a bolt of energy at the walls of your trap, the sphere lighting up like a plasma globe but firing back a ricochet of energy right at you.“Still so confident, bughorse?”“Fuck you,” she growled, “You’re pathetic. You were so weak you fell for a Changeling and you think now you have the power to resist one?”“No, I’ve never had the power to resist one. But I’ve always had the ability to overpower one,” you correct, staring her down.“Overpower me? You think just because your love caught me by surprise once that you can do it again?”“Oh shit, I forgot about that,” you paused, “Wait… You’re not mad because I didn’t finish in you, right?”“No, I’m not…” she snapped, “To think I’d even given a second thought to your inadequate performance…”“Whoa, no need to be petty about it.”“I’m not-” she started, “What are we even doing right now?”“We’re going to stay in here until we can talk this through calmly and with reason.”“Talk this through? Come on, Anon! Where’s the rage, where’s the anger? I almost killed you! Fucking fight me!”“I’m not mad at you, Chrysalis.”“Well you should be. You notice that nopony’s trying to save Metamora anymore? Guess what that means...”You looked up. She was right, no one was attending to Metamora as she lay lifeless on the ground. They stared sorrowfully, their attention still on your love as you tried to peel your own eyes away.“That’s right. I have taken everything. I’ve taken love, I’ve taken magic, I’ve taken your mare. You’re the only thing left to take from, and you have so much to give.”You felt a truth to her words, anger welling in you as you realized this creature had taken everything you had in this world and destroyed it. You felt that darkness inside of you surface, asking for permission to come out and play.“You bitch!” you screamed, a black silhouette pouring from you to coat the ground inside your dome, climbing up the walls as it reached the edges.“That’s right. I am a bitch. I’m the bitch that’s going to take you right here and now until I’ve taken every last shred of love you have left.”“I don’t think so,” you growled, the black ooze climbing her leg as it also worked to black out the entire dome.“Wh- What are you-” Chrysalis started, feeling tendrils of your magic hold her in place.“Welcome to hell,” you laughed, your words not your own. You could see that she hadn’t expected this, her expression panicked as she tried to break loose of your hold. This was where she died, where you got your revenge. You dug deeper within yourself, first imagining and then feeling her neck snap in your minds eye as you all but willed it to happen. But you stopped yourself.No, the voice in your head stopped you. She wouldn’t approve. She wouldn’t let you kill someone, even for her. You felt a stillness, opening your eyes to see the scene in front of you as time seemed to freeze. Before you lay the remaining Queen of the Changelings, but in her you saw something new.You saw weakness. Not the weakness of a bested opponent, not the weakness of a creature fearing for its life. No, you recognized this weakness. You’d seen it before. You’d seen it in Metamora, in Luna, in Celestia. You’d seen it in yourself.This weakness, This was the weakness of being alone.You knew what you had to do, what you had to say. It was the same thing that Metamora had needed, what Luna and Celestia needed. It was the same thing you found for yourself.“I Love You, Chrysalis,” you choked out, watching her eyes go wide. You meant it, and she saw that.Shock colored her eyes, her earlier fear replaced by something different yet the same. She was scared, not because of what you could do to her, but because she could feel how powerful those words were, she could feel herself reacting to them.“What are you-”“Everyone needs to be loved. Em taught me that, and I love her enough not to ignore that, even for you.”“I don’t deserve to be loved,” Chrysalis sighed.“Why not?”“Because I’m a Changeling! I’m ugly and unlikeable and a parasite!”“That’s not true. You yourself said that Metamora and I were a symbiosis. You’re just a symbiote outside of its environment.”“How do you know? What if I never find love?”“I used to ask myself the same question, but I didn’t find love,” you explained, “In the end, it found me.”“No one wants to love a Changeling.”“That’s just not true. I never thought I’d fall in love with some kind of equine before I came here, but I did. Because at the end of the day I didn’t fall in love with Em because she was a Changeling, I fell in love because of everything else.”“She had an everything else though,” Chrysalis countered, “I… All I have is being a Changeling.”“You’re so much more than that. You’re a passionate ruler, a skilled tactician, you’re beautiful in your own way. I know there’s love out there for you, but until you find it, I’ll give you mine.”“You really mean all of that?”“Yes Chrysalis,” you said, reaching out to offer a hug, “I do.”She was silent as she returned the gesture, closing her eyes as she let herself be held for the first time in… maybe ever.“Are you ready to love and be loved, Chrysalis?”“After all I’ve done? You would still give your love to me?”“Will you give back the love you’ve taken?” you asked, letting the dome trapping you two dissolve in a shower of sparks.“Yes,” she nodded solemnly, her horn brightening as thousands of ponies worth of love all released in a million directions.“Then I’ll give you as much love as you need. And together, we’ll find love for you and your Changelings.”Chrysalis only seemed to let the love free at a faster and faster pace, the air frenzied with love. Celestia and Luna had both perked up at the sight, genuine surprise in their eyes.They hesitantly walked over to where you and Chrysalis stood, standing behind you with a remaining note of apprehension.“Is it done, Anon?” Luna asked.“No,” you answered, “We’re just getting started.”“What do you mean?” Celestia followed up.“I mean that we have our work cut out for us. An entire species to bring into the fold, love to find for all of them… Love to find without her…”You looked solemnly at Metamora, her still lifeless body hurt more to see than any wound could on your own.“Anon…” Chrysalis hesitated, “I’m sorry… I… She meant so much to you.”“Please don’t,” you asked, “I… I don’t want an apology right now. I just… Can we be alone for a minute?”Everyone gave you space as you walked back over to Metamora, lifting her into your lap as wisps of love still circled above. You let her rest against you, the embrace letting you forget for just a moment that she wasn’t there. As the magic finally stopped flowing into her, you cradled her in your lap, begging silently for it to bring her back.“Em, I’m so sorry… I should have acted sooner…” you said, a tear coming to your eye.She didn’t stir, no sign of breathing, of warmth, of life inside of her.“Em, come on. We did it. We saved the day. We made peace. I… I did what you would have wanted.”You knew that if she could hear you, if she could respond, she would agree.“Please? I… need you Em. I don’t want to go on without you.”You didn’t, but you would. Because of her you had strength you’d never known. Because of her you could go on without her. But just because you could didn’t mean it would be enjoyable. Thinking about life without her, even with only your brief period here, was like imagining an eternity of disappointment.“Em I love you,” you cried, “I’ll always love you, no matter what happens. But please, please, if you’re in there don’t let me be alone again.”Then you sensed something. Something coming from inside of her. It called to you, beckoned you forward, pulling your consciousness towards itself. Was that her? Was she still inside somewhere?Whatever the answer, you gave in to the mysterious force, feeling your mind pulled into a deep, shapeless expanse, a sea of solid black.But in the distance you saw a shape, a dot of brilliant pink light.You ran.You ran and ran and ran, the dot in the distance seeming to grow in brightness but never get closer. But you had to reach her. It’s why you were here. So you kept running, your legs never tiring, your breath never running out, the dot eclipsing everything until finally you had to shield your eyes from its brightness. It felt like you were running for days, but you couldn’t even conceptualize time. All you knew is that you had to reach that dot. There was no failure.You kept going, feeling like you were making progress until you felt yourself break through a barrier and all of the sudden you were… In the Canterlot castle throne room? There in the middle, laying serenely on a bed of flowers was Metamora. There were others in the room, but you could tell she was the only real one, everything else was a shadow, a ghost. You realized as you approached that you were seeing what was happening outside of this… place, their actions in reality mirrored here onto ghastly frames.But you finally reached her peaceful, sleeping form. You fell to your knees, holding back your emotions as you saw her lifeless body, an empty vessel, drained of love. Drained of the mare you knew. You took a moment to think about what you were seeing, the fact that you were in the castle, the room full of ponies that weren’t quite there with you… You were here in the middle of a funeral, her funeral - and likely yours too.“I’m so sorry,” you apologized to the mare in front of you, “I didn’t make it in time. I… I couldn’t save you.”Something brought you here, though. Something beckoned you forward, pulled you in. Why would it bring you here if you couldn’t save her? Out of all the cruel, unfair things the universe had done to you, this one was unforgivable.“Why am I here?” you asked aloud, “If I couldn’t save you then why am I even fucking here?”“Anon, who are you talking to?” a voice called out. Her voice. She was here. She was… not the mare in front of you.“Em?” you asked cautiously, turning to face the direction of the sound. There she was, standing behind you - living, breathing, talking!“What?” she asked as if this was the most normal thing on the face of the planet.“I… I thought you were dead.”“Why would you think that, silly?” she chuckled, coming closer to you, pausing as the identical mare in front of you came into view, “Wait… Is that me?”“I… I think so,” you answer, “I think we’re watching our own funerals… How trippy is that.”“That’s… I still don’t understand what’s going on. Why are we dead? And why are there three ponies on the throne?”“Oh man, you really missed out on a lot, didn’t you?” you laughed, beckoning her to come closer, “Come here bugbutt, guess it’s storytime again.”“Only if you’re going to hold me like last time.”“Of course I’m going to hold you. Why would I ever pass up the chance to do that?”You sat on the cold stone floor, your back resting against the platform the other Metamora lay in. You eased the living one onto your lap, filled with joy as she wiggled to get situated.“So what’s the last thing you remember?”“Green. A lot of green, and then… this.”“Alright, so we’ll pick up there. That was right when Chrysalis sucked the last of your love out of you. I tried to stop her, but evidently I was too late.”“Chrysalis!” Metamora reacted, tensing at the name, “She…”“Don’t worry, I took care of her.”“You… She’s dead?” Metamora asked, with a surprising amount of sorrow in her voice.“No! I… I almost did though. But I couldn’t do it, I knew you wouldn’t approve.”“Then how did you-”“The same thing you tried to do, she just needed to hear it differently.”“You gave her your love? Then… did she kill us both?”“No… She didn’t extract my love like she did from you. I told her she was loved,” you paused, worried about how Metamora would take this next revelation, “I told her that I loved her.”“You… You told her that you loved her? Why would-”“I finally saw it, Em. The same thing you noticed in Celestia. She was drowning, trying to fight off loneliness by having everything. But she didn’t need a what, she needed a who.”“So you…” Metamora paused, her expression unreadable, “You did the right thing.”“I know. After that she gave back all the love she had taken, but you… you didn’t wake up.”“But if she didn’t take your love, then why are you here? Are you dying too?”“No, silly bug. I came to rescue you.”“To rescue me? How does that even work?”“I have no idea, but I knew that I could. I felt something pulling me into you, and I leapt.”“So you’re… Inside me?” she asked, somewhat confused.“I guess so… Wanna make it really confusing?”“No, but I’m sure you’re going to try anyway…”“I could be inside you while I’m inside you.”“Can you actually think of nothing else but fucking me?” she scolded, “Hive Anon, I can feel your dick already. I’m on the verge of death here and you’re still ready to rut me? I don’t know if I should be ashamed or proud! But can you at least wait until after you’ve saved me?”“I don’t think you’re going to want that, but okay.”“Come on, Anon… We’ll have plenty of time when we get back, and if the world is still saved you know we’ll have to celebrate.”You didn’t respond. She didn’t need to know yet. She wouldn’t come with you if you told her. You just hugged her a little tighter, hoping she missed the tear rolling down your cheek.“So are we getting out of here or not?”“Fine, Em. Let’s go,” you conceded, moving to let her off your lap.She jumped up, looking to you for your lead. You stood, moving over to her once you got to your feet. You picked her up, as perplexed as ever by her surprising lightness. You carried her, your arms underneath her as she draped across them.“Oh my… Such a gentlecolt…”“Anything for you,” you said, turning around and holding her over her lifeless facsimile. You gently started to lower her downward, intending to lower her onto that very thing.“So you’re…” she paused, “You’re putting me back in my body? Is that how this works?”“I don’t know, but it seems like the only thing to do.”“Well if you have to put me in my body, how do you get back?”“You know, I hadn’t really thought about that, but I’ll let you know how it worked once I’m back.”“But what if you… What if you’re stuck here.”“You really think I’m going to let a pesky little thing like purgatory keep us apart?”“You really are something else, you know that?”“Yeah,” you said, starting to lower her again, “But I’m your something else.”She just looked at you, a tear in her eye as you lowered her through and into her own body, the otherwise solid looking form bearing no resistance to your actions. As soon as she lay completely at rest and you removed your arms from under her, you felt yourself being pulled from this space, destined to go elsewhere.“Ponies and Changelings of Equestria,” Celestia spoke, “We come before you in this solemn moment to forge a new way forward. As we lay Metamora and Anon to rest, celebrating their life for the last time, we look to the future. What they have built, what they’ve achieved will last far and beyond their mortal bodies. Today we send these two heroes off onto their next journey as we too embark upon ours. Let us remember them with our silence.”The entire room drew quiet, as if time itself had stopped. A minute ticked by, not a soul moving or a noise being made. Luna, after wiping the tears from her eyes, took her turn.“Let us take to heart the lessons we’ve learned from this beloved pair. They’ve taught us how to love, how to share, how to overcome the darkness and evil inside of all of us. But most of all, they’ve taught us that the only way forward is together. No longer will we turn a blind eye to our neighbors or attack those whose are unlike us. From now on we will not let one another go hungry. For Anon and Metamora, we will be strong. Together.”Chrysalis, standing behind the princesses, stepped forward hesitantly, moving to stand even with them.“I stand before all of you, humbled by what Anon and Metamora have shown me. It is my greatest regret that they should have given their lives to reveal this to me, but I remain committed to honoring their legacy. Today we honor them by forging an accord that will immortalize their spirit. No longer are we two separate nations. No longer do we take or withhold. From this moment onward the nation of Equestria is home to all, a land where our bounties are shared fully and completely. Today we-”Metamora stirred, rising from the floor shakily, looking around to the shocked silence everywhere.“Where is Anon?” she asked, the silence and confusion on everyone’s face only deepening her panic.Poof.“I’m right here, you silly bug.”She jumped into your arms, almost too fast for you to catch her. But you weren’t going to let go of your bug quite yet.“Metamora, Anon… You’re alive!” Luna observed.“Hold on, we gotta have a moment real quick,” you shushed, “Then you can be excited about having your bughero back.”“Anon… We did it!” she smiled, looking at the mixed audience of ponies and Changelings.“Em,” you calmed, holding her tight, “I have to tell you something.”“Oh, I know Anon. I know exactly how much you love me. You don’t have to-”“Hold on, I need you to listen. Please?”“Anon? What… what is it?”“Em… I gotta go.”“What do you mean?”“I mean that I’m… I’m leaving now.”“Alright…” she paused, “Where are we going.”“You’re not going anywhere, Em. But I’m… I’m headed back to my world.”“Back to your… But this is your world!”“No, Em. God do I wish it was, but it’s not. I can’t stay anymore, as much as I wish I could. I loved every minute of this, of being with you.”“No… You can’t just leave me!”“I have to. I had enough magic to bring you back to life, but I had to sacrifice the magic keeping me in your world.”“Anon why would you…”“Either way, I’ll be alone. It’s just whether I’m alone knowing that you’re still out there, or alone knowing you’re not.”“Y-You…” she trailed off, “Don’t make me live without you.”“I’m sorry, but I don’t have a choice in this.” You said, feeling a force pulling you, as if you were to be lifted from your own body. “I’ll miss you.”“Please don’t go!” she begged, scrambling to hold onto you any way she could, “I won’t make it!”“Em, it’s going to be fine. You’re going to be okay.” You said, tearing up. There was no way it was going to be fine. “Just never forget how much I love you.”“No! No no no no no! Stop it! Please! Don’t!” she was crying too, her tears looking so out of place on her regal form.You felt yourself beginning to fade out, realizing that you could actually see through your arms, “I love you, Em.”“Anon, I-I,” she choked back tears, “I l-”You woke up.“We’ll get him back, Em.” Twilight offered, “We’re not going to stop until-”“Please don’t call me that, it was his name for me.” you asked, “I can’t bear to hear it.”“S-sorry… I didn’t” Twilight mumbled, turning her head.“How could he just leave after everything? I-I… I loved him!”“You honestly think he wanted to leave?”“Wouldn’t you? This was never his home!” you spat, fresh tears keeping your cheeks moist.“Wasn’t it? I know he felt the same way about you that you do about him. Would you have left if you had a choice?”“He said it often, that this world was strange and unfamiliar to him. You said it too! He isn’t made for this world. He has no intrinsic magic, we don’t understand him, this isn’t his place.”“I was wrong, Metamora. He has a place here, and that place is with you. I know he felt that way, surely you see that as well.”“I can’t” you screamed, “Despite everything, I still can’t put myself in his shoes, and that hurts most of all! Anon was the impossible, a creature so wonderful, so spectacular that even something incapable of love could find their heart beating for him. And now that he’s gone I’m still the same loveless bug I was before.”“I didn’t think…”“Neither did I, Twilight,” you answered, “For once in my life, I didn’t think, I just leapt! They were his words, you know. He said - ‘You’re scared of what might happen if you chase what you want to happen’. I decided I wasn’t going to be scared, and that took me to places I couldn’t have even imagined.”“We’re still going to get him back, Metamora. He’s a hero. He’s…” Twilight paused, “He’s everything you said and more. I miss him too, but I can’t bear to imagine your pain. Please believe that everypony is doing everything in their power to bring him home, bring him here.”“Thank you Twilight. Now if you don’t mind, I’d like to be left alone.”“Understood,” she acknowledged, getting up from the cold tile floor of the throne room. The receding hooffalls eventually drew silent, leaving you once more alone in the same spot you’d been for the last three days. The same spot where he left you. The same spot where you would no doubt die waiting for your beloved.“I hope I’m not interrupting,” came the soft, melodic voice of Princess Celestia. That voice piqued an anger inside you that you didn’t even know you held. She moved to sit next to you, “May I?”“What do you want?” you spat.“I just want to see that you’re alright, my little pony.”“I’m not your little pony. I never was, and I don’t want to be now!”“That is right,” she soothed, “Your heart belongs to another.”“My heart belongs to none of your fucking business!”“I know how hard it is to lose someone you love, Metamora. But when you get to see them again it’s worth the wait.”“How the fuck would you know how I’m feeling?”“Because I dealt with what you’re feeling for a thousand years before I got to see my beloved again.”“Nightmare Moon…” you whispered, realizing what she meant.“Yes indeed. It hurt so much. There were times I wanted to tear the entire world to shreds over what I had done, what she had done with my sister,” she explained, “And I almost did on a few occasions. But I couldn’t. I needed to be strong, I had a nation to lead and twice as much work to lead it.”“How did you cope?” you asked, hopeful.“Not well, I must admit. The work tore on me, and her absence wore me down in an entirely different way. I say this because I see you at the same crossroads I was at all those many years ago. You can either continue to buck the help of those who would offer you their hoof in solace, or you can rise above.”“What is there to rise above? Anon is gone, and despite what Twilight says I may never see him again! If there is an ‘above’ where I am okay with that, I don’t want to be there.”“That isn’t what I mean, dear Metamora. I’d never ask you to forget him. I know even with my limited time with him I couldn’t forget his lasting impact. What I’m asking of you, what the world is asking of you, is to be strong for him. He united our peoples, building you a future. He built an empire, one which is rightfully yours as much as it is mine.”“Don’t tell me how to feel! You don’t understand! Just go away!” you yelled.It was funny in its own twisted way, you realized. Being alone was what originally united you and Anon. Much as you would have hated to admit it at the time, you craved companionship as much as he did. You dreaded the lonely, friendless life that you led before you met him. It was only now, as you were alone, that you realized that this was the first time you had not felt the pain of his disappearance. Your tears weren’t an embarrassment now, your words couldn’t betray you, your emotions couldn’t control you. It was just you, and the void inside yourself.Where that void had once been filled with vulgar jokes and overflowing love, now it was just a vacuum of disappointment. You closed your eyes and tried to remember a time where that void wasn’t consuming you from the inside out. But every time you closed you eyes, you saw his face. His stupid, dumb, idiotic, beautiful, kind, caring face. Hive, you hated him - you hated yourself! You should have known this was to happen. The domain of a Changeling is that of emptiness, hunger, and despair. There is no room in this world to spare you the happiness, love, and inclusiveness you felt when he was still around.You were walking proof that he was wrong. There wasn’t enough love to go around. His valiant efforts to end your war were meaningless when he couldn’t even be there for you. How could his promises of a love that was universally shared ever come to fruition if he wasn’t there? He was the glowing, radiant example of everything he promised, a shining beacon of hope for this new era. Where would you turn when you felt the pangs of hunger now? It felt a betrayal to even consider taking the love of another, even were it not to be by force. You decided it would simply be best to shrivel up and die. That way you could take solace in the dignity of dying the same way Anon almost found you. He knew that he had saved you, but he knew not how close you were to the icy grip of death. Were he not to indulge you as he did, you would have died before he left your sight. Maybe it would have been better that way. If he was to leave, why draw it out?“Metamora,” came a deep, maternal voice, “I’ve come to feed you. I understand you’ve been disinterested in company so I will stay no longer than I must if that is your wish.”“C-Chrysalis?” you asked, staring now at the unfamiliar figure in front of you. She looked healthy, happy, content. All facades you had seldom seen her wear before.“Yes, my dear,” she answered, sitting beside you and draping a hoof over you. You could feel the love that she shared with you. Your former queen, the champion of the thought that love must be taken, now sitting beside you, giving it freely.“You… You’re”“Sharing,” she cooed, “It feels wonderful. And we have your dear Anon to thank for all of it.”“Who gave this love?”“Everyone!” Chrysalis announced happily, “If you so much as walk outside, it’s positively in the air. And it tastes so delicious, freely given, freely taken, sweeter than most anything I’ve ever known.”“Not for me. I can barely remember the flavor of his love. It used to decimate my mind if he so much as smiled in my direction.”“I know. It was like that during your metamorphosis, I’ve seen nothing like it.”“We have to get him back.”“I know, Metamora. Twilight and the worlds brightest ponies and Changelings are already working on exactly that. I’ve never seen so many unified around one common goal.”“No. We have to go get him,” you correct, “How much love is in the war reserves?”“The war reserves? Even if they weren’t destroyed with the hive, we’d have no use for them now.”“They’re gone? Then we must build a new battery. Ten, no a hundred times its size! If this love truly is in the air we will harvest it all.”“And what would you do with that love. How would you find him?” she asked, tempering your enthusiasm.“I’ll visit every dimension if I have to. I’ll find something that can bend the universe to its whims. I’ll do anything to get him back.”“Oh I know you will, but you’re not thinking. Don’t do alone what thousands will do with you.”“No. I am alone in this.”“You don’t have to be,” she offered. “There is a world which shares the same goal as you.”“Well I wish to be,” you snapped, “Now please take leave of me. I grow tired.”“Chrysalis says you grow tired.”, came a new voice. One you knew you envied, “If it is sleep you wish, we believe we can be of assistance.”“I wish to sleep until Anon is back,” you explain, “and should he not be back I wish never to wake up.”“Now that is something we cannot bestow upon you. Had we the power even still we would not grant such a request.”“Why not? There’s nothing for me if he’s not here.”“We know thy pain. More, truth told, than may be apparent.”“Celestia already tried to use the Nightmare Moon example, it didn’t help.”“Celestia knows not what we suffered. ‘Twas not our only prison, that moon. The greater binds were by whom there we were enslaved.”“What do you mean?” you asked.“Many believe Nightmare Moon to be a mood, a state of the mind. But she is as much her own being as she is a part of us. For the time we were on the moon, and even upon our return we watched her wreak havoc against all that we cared for.”“I don’t see how that relates.”“You stand upon a precipice we once jumped from. Do you let your darkest thoughts and emotions rule you, or do you take charge and rein in that selfsame evil? I made my decision, my mistake. I live with it to this day. But if you, likewise, succumb to these emotions you will never again be the same mare that he once loved.”“I-I…” you hesitate, “How did you get over that?”“We don’t. Our mistakes have made us who we are today, and we cannot ignore that. We live with the knowledge that even as our sister loves us to this day, her love is tempered always with a fear that we may once again be weak.”“I’m not…” you try, “I don’t want to be weak.”“Then stand strong for your love. Do as he would in his stead. Become all that you wish to be, and listen not to that which aims to corrupt your mind.”“Do you think I will ever see him again, Luna?” you ask, once more feeling the familiarity of tears.“If not in the flesh, he will always live on in your mind. In that way you can never be apart.”“I wish to sleep now,” you plead.“Then it shall be,” Luna said.If you had learned anything since you woke up, it’s that therapy is anything but. Since you’d finally woke up you’d gotten over a slew of panic attacks, gotten off a ventilator, figured out that you had literally no control over a single part of your body, and summarily lost all hope in anything.That’s when it started, when they started throwing therapy at you. At first it was physical therapy, they told you it was to help you gain mobility again, but it just felt like medieval torture with an MD. Then they threw occupational therapy at you once you could mostly walk again, which was an even more embarrassing affair - it was basically a constant reminder of all the things you’d lost the ability to do starting with taking a shit unsupervised and ending with a long, long list of basic skills to remain employable.Then came the worst part. Actual honest-to-goodness head-shrinking therapy. You had managed, somehow to keep her from the forefront of your mind until now, desperately trying not to dredge up something you’re sure you’d lost forever. But then they asked you to feel things again, and that, more than bending your limbs eighteen different ways they weren’t supposed to, more than reminding you that you were now basically disabled, that hurt the most.So here you found yourself, trapped in a tiny office, sitting on a brown couch that could hide a shitstain better than a mischievous toddler, staring up at some dude whose name you couldn’t even remember.“Are you still with me?” his calm, irritatingly smooth voice rang out, drawing you back from your own mental prison.“Huh?” you paused, “Sorry… yeah, I… got a lot on my mind, I guess.”“That's completely understandable. You’ve been through a lot, you were in a coma for several weeks. You’re incredibly lucky to be alive, but I doubt you feel that way.”“How do you-” you started, wondering how he could hit the nail on the head so precisely.“How do I know? I’ve seen many patients like you over the years. You survive a traumatic accident, against all odds you make a miraculous recovery, but in the end you’re wondering if maybe it wouldn’t be better if you didn’t.”“Doc, aren’t you supposed to be fixing my head, not painting me as some suicidal maniac?”“I’m here to help you understand what you’re feeling. It’s not my place to label you or try to tell you something needs fixing. The guys in psych, yeah they’ll throw you antidepressants like candy, but I’m not here to push pills, or anything for that matter, on you. I’m more like… a tour guide for your emotions.”“Can you just tour guide me straight to the exit then?”“No, I can’t,” he declared, “I know it feels like the best option right now is not to feel anything, but you need to be true to yourself.”“True to myself?” you laughed, “I don’t even know who I am anymore. Not after…”“After what?” he asked. Fuck he was perceptive.“I lost somepo-” you caught yourself, “someone.”“There weren’t any other passengers in your car. Did you lose someone before the crash?”You heard the question he wasn’t asking.“No, I’m not suicidal! I fell asleep at the wheel on my way home from work. I wasn’t trying to kill myself!”“That’s not what I asked,” he calmed, “Who did you lose?”“I really don’t want to talk about that.”“I understand that, and I won’t pressure you, but this seems to be like the root of your trouble. It would do you good to talk about what happened.”“I… you’re going to think I’m crazy… It’s… it happened during my coma.”“A dream then? I’ve certainly spoken with a few patients who have spoken of very vivid dreams during a coma.”“This wasn’t a dream! It was… it has to be real.”“I know it must have felt very real in the moment. When you’re in a coma your brain does all kinds of crazy stuff to heal.”“It didn’t just feel real, I was there. I remember every moment of it. There’s no way I could have made her up in my mind…”“Her… You met someone in this dream?”“It wasn’t a dream!”“You know I’m not here to judge you. But in the past when I’ve had patients that have trouble separating their dreams from reality, I find it often helps to tell the dream, repeat it as if it were a narrative.”“This was a really long thing… Like at least two full weeks.”“Two weeks?” he asked incredulously, “You dreamed for two weeks?”“At least, and… still not a dream.”“Well then… Maybe we cover the broader points of the dream. If you had to write the Cliff’s Notes, what parts would you pick out?”“I guess I’ll start with some context then. Whatever world I was in for this wasn’t like ours. They had magic and other races of creatures and… all kinds of weird shit. But the conflict I found myself in the middle of was between two races, the Changelings and the po-” you paused, no you were not going to make this sound weirder by explaining that there were ponies, “and the not Changelings.”“The not Changelings?”“Ugh. Aren’t you more interested in what a Changeling is?”“I’m familiar. Eastern European folklore, fairies that would take the place of human children.”“Not quite. They were more shapeshifters that could take the place of, well, anyone… But they also survived by siphoning off the emotions of others. Kind of terrifying, kind of metal. Obviously no one wants the Changelings to siphon their emotions so they’re an ostracized race.”He didn’t respond, writing feverishly in his notebook,“So yeah, first thing I meet is one of them. I wake up in the forest to this… shadow standing over the top of me and I’m certain I’m about to be eaten. But it turns out that she doesn’t want to eat me, but she does want to siphon off my emotions in a very particular way…” you hint, pausing for effect, “Fucking. I mean fucking. So we did that, twice. And that’s how I met Metamora. I call her Em, but she would tell you that Changelings don’t have nicknames.”“Is she…”You slumped down a bit, “Yes. She is. Long story short, we fell in love. Which is particularly important to the story because, remember that whole siphoning emotions thing? Turns out Changelings aren’t supposed to be able to fall in love. She was… something else. I mean cute, funny, only ever cracked jokes at the worst times, you know… everything you could want in a woman. I still don’t know why she ever fell for me, but over the course of our time there, in between fucking literally every available moment, evidently she did.”“And you said you lost her?”“Hey man, is this my story or nah?” you grumbled.“Go on.”“So yeah, important parts of the story. Met in the woods, did the thing, went into town with Em disguised as some dude named Atlas, met a bunch of people and then suddenly the two princesses of the entire nation showed up. They took the two of us to the castle with them and a bunch of irrelevant stuff happened. But that’s when stuff started happening with Em. One night we were not fucking for once and we just started talking. All of the sudden she magics a fucking light show and then passes the fuck out, which was evidently the thing she needed to learn how to love. After that a bunch of other shit happened, I fucked a princess, and then I got Em caught so we had to escape. With me so far?”He nodded.“Alright, so we escaped to the Changeling hive. Yeah, they all live in one communal hive, kinda weird, also really easy to get lost in. There... fucked some more, had some more magic love fireworks, I fucked their Queen, who is important later. Then Metamora turned into another Queen, which evidently is completely decided by some kind of metamorphosis. But right as I was about to fuck her and Queen Chrysalis, all of the sudden the princesses sent some spec ops bozos to kidnap us back.”“You do see that this seems kind of fantastical.”“You know what, fuck off. You wanted the abridged version. Anyway, we’re back at the castle and the other princess, the one I didn’t fuck is evidently turbo jealous. So she tries to rape me and makes Em watch but evidently I’ve got magic now too so, well that doesn’t happen. Or at least it wasn’t rape. Yeah, I ended up fucking her after all, Em even told me to! So we have a big long conversation about not being evil and then the princess has some kind of change of heart about Changelings. So she gets this big ceremony together where she announces that any Changeling is welcome in their lands so long as they stop stealing emotions. And then Metamora says it… That entire time she had wanted to say those three words - I love you - but she physically couldn’t. So when that happened… That was a monumental moment for both of us, so obviously we marked it by fucking some more.”“You know in another session I would probably talk about how this sex obsession is unhealthy, but this is a bigger fish right now.”“Speaking of bigger fish, turns out Queen Chrysalis was angy that someone stole her new Queen and limitless source of love, so she decides to take over an entire town. Metamora and I went down there with Twilight, who in addition to being a magic scientist is also some kind of hero or something - still fuzzy on that. Anyway, Chrysalis is in some kind of rage and kicks mine and Metamora’s asses, sending us to the hive which, by the way, is slated to be destroyed while we’re in it. Also Metamora is dying because Chrysalis stole all her love, so we have to find her some. We do that, and escape by literally seconds After a brief bout of amnesia we head back to town to face Chrysalis again and she does the same thing, taking all of Metamora’s love, except somehow I stop her and magically save the day. But…”You paused, knowing the end was near, dreading this next part of the story as you fought to keep tears from your eyes.“Em was still dying, even though I saved everyone else. So, well, I just did what anyone else would have done and used my magic. All of it, including the magic that was keeping me there. I was able to jump into some kind of purgatory thing, find her, and bring her back, but as soon as we got back, well I only had a few moments to say goodbye before I woke up.”“See, you woke up. Like one would from a dream.”“No! It wasn’t a fucking dream,” you all but cried “I just… All I want is to see her again.”“So it would seem the best course of action is to go back there and see her again.”“No shit, Sherlock! You don’t think I’ve been wanting to go back since I got here? How the fuck would you suggest I do that?”“You have more control than you probably realize over your dreams. Under the right conditions, all you need to do is will yourself there and let your mind make it happen.”“You know what, fuck this. It wasn’t a fucking dream, alright!” you fumed, getting up to storm out,  “I’m done for today. Peace out.”“See you next week!”“Maybe, maybe not,” you barked back, lightly slamming the door behind you.It wasn’t a dream.It couldn’t have been a dream.Could it?Calling it a lab would have been a vast oversimplification of what lay in front of you. In the wake of Anon’s disappearance, and in the weeks since, Twilight had commanded no less than a hundred of the world’s best minds. To make room for research they had completely reconstructed three floors underground Canterlot Castle, leaving them in a wide open layout that you watched over every chance you could get. There were teams prodding at every possible avenue to reunite you with your beloved, ten different projects splayed out across the enormous space, each one a chance for you to see Anon again. Each one a thread of hope, a bright mark against a backdrop of emptiness.But you weren’t here to watch over them as you so often did. Today Twilight mentioned she had some especially promising research to show you. The words were… well, barely words when she told you all about it. But you heard the undertone. She thought this one would work. She was confident. You could understand why Atlas fell for her, with this level of passion and drive… watching her was bewitching. Seeing how she effortlessly interacted with everypony there, easily jumping into conversations that you couldn’t even begin to understand. She was doing all this for you and for Anon without even the first thought of herself. She, the princesses, everyone… They all gave everything, all for you. If you hadn’t believed in love before now, well, this was incontrovertible proof.So you found yourself, staring at an enormous arcane machine, whirring magical machinery flanking either side of two huge gilded crescents positioned to form a kind of imaginary oval. Lights flashed, gears turned, ponies rushed about tweaking this dial or nudging that lever as you looked from the almost absurd machination towards the pony who brought you to it. Twilight was similarly transfixed, an almost lusting salivation in her eyes as she looked at the product of what had to have been a dozen sleepless nights.“This is it, Metamora. This is going to work, I can feel it,” she grinned. You wanted to believe her. You really did.“How can you be so sure?” you asked, trying to maintain a cautious optimism.“I can’t. But this is the closest we’ve got. The theory is all there this time. This isn’t just some strange Zebrican chanting or some crackpot postulation by some old stallion that’s convinced the one strange thing he’s been studying his entire life is finally relevant.”“But it’s just theoretical still, right? What if it doesn’t work?” you ask, wanting to temper your expectations, and to a degree hers.“Then we keep on trying until we figure it out. Even if we don’t get it this time, we’re bound to learn something from this. We’re going to find him, Em. We have to.”You bristled at the nickname again. She never could bring herself to stop saying that when she was excited. It hurt, but then it didn’t.She realized her mistake, looking briefly down at the ground.“I’m sorry, Metamora… I know you don’t like it when I call you that… It’s just…”“It’s happy,” you offer, “A beautiful nickname from a beautiful time. I can hardly fault you for using it when you’re so excited.”“Still… I…”“Relax, Twilight. He’d want that nickname to live on. And… it does kind of make me happy. I just need to embrace that.”“Thank you,” she replied, throwing a hoof over you and pulling you close, “I’m so glad you’d share something so precious to you.”“You know me,” you joked, “Queen of sharing…”Your half-hearted joke was just enough to reset the mood, putting a smile on everypony’s face.“Alright then… It’s science time,” Twilight beamed, “How much do you know about pseudometric causality?”“How much should I know about… uh…”“Pseudometric causality? I’d doubt much since it’s a relatively new discovery. In fact we really just came up with it here in the last few weeks.”“So what you’re looking for me to say is” you deadpan, “something like ‘Nothing, Twilight. Please do tell me all about it in great detail’, right?”“Oh I’m so glad you asked!” she smiled, taking your statement exactly where she wanted, “So it’s fairly simple once you get a bit of context out of the way. Nothing you wouldn’t learn after several years studying advanced magical theory.”“Twilight, I-”“Right. The basic part is to understand the magic that brought Anon here. We’ve been studying everything we could about that, drawing heavily from what he said to us and from some insights Luna had about his world. We think that magic is a special type called acausal magic. What that means is that the existence of that magic, is predicated on its later necessity. In this case it would appear that Anon was brought here specifically to sacrifice himself to save you, independent of anything that happened before.”You tried to parse that. The magic that brought him here knew you’d need saving before you did?“Moving on from that we were able to reason a few things out. The first was that this magic had to create some kind of signature when it collapsed in on itself. This signature should lead us both to where it originated and where it finally ceased.”“So you found this signature?”“Well we haven’t. But we figured out the last piece of that puzzle earlier today. And that last piece is you,” she explained, “We realized that we needed to target our search on some magic that he had created, but we knew that he didn’t create any magic, he just used it. But then we remembered he did create something like magic.”“Love…” you paused, “You need my love.”“Yes!” Twilight exclaimed, happy to see you following along, “But I’m afraid it’s a bit more than that. We need a specific piece of your love. Princess Luna and Chrysalis- Q-Queen Chrysalis both referred to it as a ‘seed’ of love.”“You need that?” you asked, concerned about the concept of giving up the last piece of him that you had.“I’m afraid we do. And if we don’t find Anon… we may never be able to replace it.”“Then,” you declared, letting a golden light flow from your horn, “We better find him.”Twilight looked at you with wide eyes, staring on at the energy that built in front of you. She directed the rest of the ponies nearby to action, watching as they all snapped to task, performing various functions in and around the space you occupied.“Can you place that…” Twilight hesitated, “Your love… Can you put it in between the stands there?”You complied, feeling the final wisps of that energy evacuate themselves from you. It wasn’t quite apparent what you had lost without that magic. You don’t think that affected your ability to make love anymore. Maybe it was just a vestigial part of you that you didn’t need anymore. Maybe you wouldn’t find out how important it was until it was too late.“Alright. Do we have everything we need to commence the experiment?” Twilight asked, drawing everyone’s attention as each station waited to report, “Power controls?”“Check. Systems nominal with primary and reserve capacitors at full charge.”“Ranging?”“Fixed and relative positioning calibrated per spec. Ready.”“Telemetry?”“Effector banks A through J are primed. Ready for visual on your go ahead.”“And finally, Detection?”“Confirming successful harmonization with sample. Signature analysis on standby and origin traceback is good to go.”“Then let’s start the countdown,” Twilight declared, turning to whisper something to you, “I’ve always wanted to lead a fancy sciencey countdown.”You almost had to laugh. She was so excited. Surely this would work.“And we’re T minus Ten.”“Throttling up to power distribution step alpha.”“Nine”“Activating signature capture… Now.”“Eight”“Telemetry is active. Inputs are live.”“Seven”“Signature capture complete. Commencing detection.”“Six”“Switching to distribution plan beta”“Five”“Signature acquired. Spooling to traceback.”“Four”“Ranging is receiving data from traceback. Adjusting for noise on theta channel.”“Three”“Traceback in sequence. Confirming elevated noise on theta channel.”“Two”“Telemetry outputs coming online now.”“One”“All systems are go.”“Go.”You watched as the sphere of your love seemed to pull and morph, being bound in place by the two crescent-shaped stands on either side. It stretched out to cover the entire area between the two, drawing into a tight, well-defined oval of pure white. Then you watched as it started to change color, starting to display something as if it were some kind of screen.“Detection has a firm lock on the signature. Telemetry should have latest on motion path.”“Telemetry confirms live data on motion path. Visual is live.”You watched the image that was being displayed, the view seeming to show you tearing through the very fabric of the universe. It kept going for several minutes, the speed and intensity of it almost making you nauseous. Then after several minutes you watched it coalesce into something more concrete. You were looking into a room, not too different from what you’d expect to see here, just with everything being a bit taller. It took a moment for everything to come into focus but you could make out two creatures like Anon, one on a dark colored couch, the other sitting nearby in an armchair. The view was distant, grainy, and at an odd angle so you couldn’t make out what you were actually seeing, but you could tell that you were seeing humans. You had found, if nothing else, Anon’s world. But had you found him?“Audio! Do we have audio?” Twilight barked, sending the ponies running telemetry scrambling at her insistence. You heard a sound start to come out of the screen, first a vague hum, then a more clear sound like running water, then voices.Then his voice.“…she is. Long story short, we fell in love. Which is particularly important to the story because, remember that whole siphoning emotions thing? Turns out Changelings aren’t supposed to be able to fall in love. She was… something else. I mean cute, funny, only ever cracked jokes at the worst times, you know… everything you could want in a woman. I still don’t know why she ever fell for me, but over the course of our time there, in between fucking literally every available moment, evidently she did.”You had to look away, but even that couldn’t stop the tears. That was him. That was definitely him. But how couldn’t he see why you’d fallen for him… Did you never tell him? You had to have told him. Either way you’d have to tell him once you got him back.“Come on Twilight. Let’s get him back,” you ordered, standing in front of the screen ready to jump through as if it would teleport you to where he was.“Whoa, hold on…” Twilight cautioned, “That’s not… This was just to find him, Metamora. Now that we know where he is we can form a plan, get a team together. We’ll get him back.”“We don’t need a team! Fuck making a plan. We’re so fucking close Twilight. Can’t we just…”“There’s no way we can just go grab him right now. He’s…” she paused, “Ranging, distance!”“Just over two hundred quintillion light-years.”“The magic we’d need to bridge a portal that far… I can make it happen, but I need time. I promise, Em. We’ll get him back.”“How long, Twilight? How long do we have to wait?”“If I can get all of the resources that I need together… probably a week?” she said, a bit of uncertainty in her voice.“Then let’s go get some resources. Just tell me what you need.”“The princesses, Queen Chrysalis, you…”“I’ll make it happen,” you declared.You had found him. But now you had to get him back.You had to get him back.“Hey doc,” you greeted the therapist, sliding onto that surprisingly comfy couch again. “Welcome back,” he smiled, “I didn’t expect you to show up.”“I’m not sure I expected to show up myself.”“Well then, what made you decide?”“I…” you hesitate, “I couldn’t go back.”“To your dream?”“It… How could it have been a dream?”“Physiologically there’s not much else that could explain what you described to me. I did a bit of research on the topic, and it turns out that incredibly lucid long, continuous dreams are common in coma patients with little to no cognitive impairment. But there’s something else I realized that makes me liable to agree with you. What you experienced was not a dream.” “Really, so it was real?”“Real?” he scoffed, “Of course not. Since when are pastel ponies real?”You froze. How did he… “Ponies? Uh… who said anything about ponies?”“I did, and I have to say, I’m disappointed.”“What do you mean?”“Oh you know exactly what I mean. Picture this,” he spoke, “I’m sitting at home, it’s a Saturday morning, my daughter wants to watch her favorite TV show. So like the caring father I am, we sit down to watch the season finale of My Little Pony. Except all of the sudden this brand new character they introduce is one from your story. One you told me by name that you stuck your dick in.”“Wait, what?”“I understand if you think that this is a waste of your time, and I really don’t care that you’d waste my time with that bullshit. As long as your insurance keeps paying I really couldn’t be bothered about you dicking me around. But the issue here is that you’re lying to yourself, and you’re doing it in really crude and hurtful ways.”“Hold on I…”“To spin such an intimate sounding story, I… I thought you were making some progress, but nope. Turns out everything was just a fabrication. And how did you even know about Queen Chryssalid or whatever? You had to have done a significant amount of research to come up with the steaming pile you fed me last week. Whatever really happened to you, to mask it with that…”“Come on, I was telling the truth! Everything I told you, Chrysalis, Metamora, all of it… It really happened!”“Sure it did. But that’s the other part that continues to fascinate me. You see, all the other characters you talked about, they were in the show. All of them except Metamora.”“Wait… what do you mean?”“Yeah, she was the only character that didn’t show up at all. Which makes me think this is more about her than you wanted me to think. Just tell me who she was!”“She’s exactly who I fucking said she was,” you yelled, “I thought you were supposed to fucking listen to me you overpaid shitbag.”“You know,” he seethed, pausing to rein in his anger, “I am paid to listen to you, but you’re here for a reason too. Lying to me, to yourself… Those aren’t going to get you anywhere.”“I’m not lying to anyone!” you defend, struggling to decide between anger and tears, “Everything I told you was the truth.”“So what you mean to tell me is that you were teleported to a land of talking cartoon horses-”“Ponies!”“Are you serious right now? You’re actually sticking with your pathetic story?”“It’s not a fucking story! How many times do I have to say it was fucking real.”“Right. Real,” he scoffed, “Because the first thing that always happens when you wake up in another dimension is that you get ambushed by true love.”“It wasn’t…” you tried to explain, “Not at first it… You wouldn’t understand.”“You’re right. I don’t understand,” he countered, “I don’t understand why you keep sticking to this crock. You’re a grown ass man talking about having sex with the characters of a children’s TV show. That’s messed up.”“I don’t know shit about your fucking TV show, dude. I know what happened, and nothing you say is going to make me change my mind.”“Wow, you really aren’t lying about this. You honestly believe you woke up in a world of pastel ponies, found true love, subverted a societal order, gained magical powers, singlehandedly ended a revolution, and then brought someone back to life? I don’t think I even know what to call half of the complexes to cover that.”“Huh, you finally get it.”“Oh, I’m finally getting it, alright,” he quipped, “I’m getting that you’re much more broken than I thought.”“I’m not broken! For the first time in my fucking waste of a life I finally wasn’t broken. I finally had all the pieces. I was happy.”“Face it. You have a problem. Let’s call it depression, but with the level of delusion you’ve managed to stack on top, I’m not sure there isn’t something physically wrong with you. You thought you were dying and you invented some kind of absurd fairy tale to give yourself some last chance at living happily ever after.”“I didn’t fucking live happily ever after, I woke up and now I’m stuck here trying to convince you to believe me for whatever fucking reason. You think I’m happy about this shitshow? I don’t believe this.”“I think you’d have trouble finding anyone to believe this. And aren’t you, you know, ashamed of, I don’t know, fucking horses?”“No. I’m fucking not. I made sweet, sweet love to sentient, consenting creatures and it was fucking spectacular. I’d tell anyone that asks,” you declare, “Best lay I’ve ever had. Fucking someone that’s half bug, half pony, and all fucking mine.”“If I were you, I’d be careful who I told this story to. They might think you’re crazy,” he chided.“You know what,” you snapped, leaning forward as if you were going to stand, “You can just fuck ri-”Suddenly there was a sizzling sound in the air, a kind of searing static that immediately caught your attention. He noticed it too. There, right between the two of you was this unavoidable sonic presence, like a TV without signal - just you couldn’t turn away, couldn’t shut it off. It just drew louder and louder, bigger and bigger, brighter and…Wait, brighter?Sure enough, right there in the middle of that cloud of almost visceral sound was a pinprick of violet light. You were both transfixed, staring at the dot as if it were real.Was it?“Doc, you seein’ this shit?”He nodded, looking briefly at you, and then back at the dot, now a pulsing orb of energy the size of a grapefruit. Something about it was familiar, something about it was new. But there’s one thing that you knew, and that’s that you were looking at magic.Magic you knew.There’s only one place you knew that had magic. Of course it was just as likely that you were having a horrendous stroke.Yep, that was probably it. As that orb pulsated and grew, bathing the room in a purple glow you could all but feel your brain melting right then and there. This wasn’t real. This couldn’t be real.You were broken.But you hoped nonetheless. You watched as the orb started to bend and morph, changing from a basketball of solid energy to a torus of ethereal mist, the speed at which it grew rapidly increasing. It doubled, tripled, quadrupled in size. It was easily large enough that you could walk through it. It was…It was a portal.No sooner had you realized what you were watching than it took on the purpose you had assigned it. The growing stopped and the empty area in the middle started to fill with a vortex of white, pouring from the edges, closing the gap as it formed an ivory sheet separating your plane from the next. Separating your plane from the one that wasn’t real.It wasn’t real.It sure felt real though. And as soon as the last wisps of energy met in the center you knew it was. Because instead of staring at a mysterious magical anomaly, you were staring at something else entirely. You were looking at the one thing you knew couldn’t be fake. You could see clear as day, on the other side of that portal…Her.You froze, your mind at war with half telling you to run through as fast as you could and the other half nagging you that running to the portal was running away from reality. You didn’t know which side was going to win out this time. But you knew how to find out.“E-Em?”“Anon!”She looked like she wanted to run through the portal too. But you didn’t want her in your world. Not for a second, not for an instant. Not if you had to give everything to prevent that from happening.“Can I… Is it safe?” you asked, walking right up to the portal.“Of course it’s safe!” Twilight’s voice came as she stepped into frame. Two for two, this was happening.“Actually… Hold on a second,” you paused, turning to the terrified therapist, “Doc, you still with me?”“W-What is…”“Told you this wasn’t a dream. But if you want some proof, that sexy piece of flank right there,” you motioned, pointing at her, “yeah, her with the pink hair. That’s Metamora. I don’t think she’d enjoy finding out that you told me she wasn’t real.”“You what?” she asked, staring daggers as he shrank into his armchair.“Relax. I never stopped believing for a moment,” you lied. You had almost given up. You were so close.“I-” he shook, looking like he was losing his mind, “…real.”“Oh actually, one last thing. You got the other bugbutt over there?”“Pharynx?” Twilight asked.“Aphelion?” Metamora questioned in tandem.“No, the other other one. Chrysalis.”The therapist froze.“Anon I-” Chrysalis tried to apologize, stepping into view on the side opposite Twilight.“Whoa, hold on. You can say whatever you gotta say in a minute. But first I need you to do me a favor. Right here, right now. No questions.”“Anything.”“First, tell this fine gentleman who you are.”She looked at you in confusion, complying after a pause, “I’m Queen Chrysalis, former leader of the Changelings and esteemed member of the new Equestrian regency.”“Now tell him who it was that last fucked you.”She blushed, stuttering, “P-Princess Celestia.”“Oh shit, damn I did not expect that,” you cackled, “Alright, let me rephrase. Who was the last human that fucked you.”“You, obviously Anon. You’re the only human I’ve met!”“Great. See, doc. This bullshit enough for you yet?”“S-She’s a horse!” the therapist called out, “You fucked a horse!”“Manners, doc! You can’t just go around calling ponies whorses,” you laughed, “Now one last thing, Chrissy. Go ahead and turn around and show the good doctor where I fucked you.”“Y-You want me to…” she hesitated. You only nodded in return. Her eyes widened, looking to Metamora for a response. She just shrugged. Slowly but surely, Chrysalis turned around, struggling against her embarrassment to swing her tail to the side.“Take a good, long look doc. You see this on your fucking TV show?”He didn’t respond, frozen in place with a look split between panic and revulsion on his face. Your job here was done.“Alright Chrissy, that’s all he needs to see. You still look great by the way,” you winked, “So how does this work. Do I just jump through this shit?”Twilight and Metamora nodded.“Well then,” you grinned, getting up from the couch and standing next to the portal, “Only one last piece of advice for you, doc.”“W-What?”“If I were you I’d be careful who I told this story to. They might think you’re crazy.”You stepped through.You were finally home.You were finally awake.“Welcome home, Anon.” Metamora greeted, launching herself at you as the portal behind you fizzled out of existence.“Hey there bugbutt,” you laughed, picking her up and holding her against you, “Happy to see me?”“Do you really need me to answer that?”“No but I wanna hear you say it anyway.” You spun her around, her forelegs draped over your shoulders as she laid her head on your shoulder.“You,” she started, a melancholy edge to her voice, “You have no idea how much I missed you.”“Oh I doubt that. You know I missed you just as much.”“Then why would you go and do something so dumb?”“You mean saving you? Come on, Em. You know that was the right call.”“I…”“Especially taking this into consideration,” you paused, “Um… How did this happen though.”“I’m so glad you asked!” Twilight beamed, taking a deep breath before launching into a lecture for the ages.“Twilight no!” everyone screamed in unison. Wow, you weren’t kidding. Everyone.Of course Em, Twilight, and Chrysalis you already knew were here, but Celestia, Luna, Pharynx, Aphelion, and a whole bunch more ponies and Changelings you’d never met were crowded around too.“Hey everyone…” you smile, setting Metamora back down, “Nice to see you all again. But still… how am I seeing you again?”“Can I?” Twilight asked cautiously, in equal parts trepidation and anticipation.“Come on Sparky,” you approved, “lecture away.”“So we found you,” she started, “With magic.”“Uh huh…”“And then we came and got you,” she continued, “With magic.”“Is that so,” you laughed, “Just a bit of magic and then, what… Poof?”“Well it wasn’t just a little magic,” Twilight acquiesced, “It took all of us to bring you back.”“But I’m back for good, right? Not some temporary spell or whatever brought me here last time.”“No you’re here-here. Physically resident in our world.”You breathed a sigh of relief. It was all so crazy you almost had to imagine it couldn’t last.“Thank god,” you exhaled, “I missed this so much.”Your little bug just stared up at you.“I don’t know how I survived without you, Em,” you admitted, “I’m so glad to be back.”She smiled up at you, “I’m so happy to have you back. I l- lo-”“Ha ha, funny. Jeez, Em you’ve got a cold sense of humor.”She wasn’t laughing though.“Oh no, can you really not-”“Anon I’m so sorry…” she cried, “I… you know I want to say it! You know how I feel. I just… I had to give up that part of me to find you and… Evidently I do need it.”“Well what do we need to do to get it back?”She paused, a blush spreading on her face. She winked at you and turned around.“Whoa, really Em? Right here?”She nodded.“Right now?”She nodded.“With everyone watching?”She nodded furiously.“Fuck you’re a kinky bug and I love every bit of it. That just leaves two things to take care of.”Metamora looked over her shoulder in confusion.“First, and most importantly,” you started, shedding your pants, “Twilight. I need my dick back.”She blushed as well. Fond memories you hoped. She didn’t even ask any questions. She just made it happen. A huge dick to match how huge of a dick you could be, as it should be.You were going to have to convince Metamora to let you reward her for that, not that she’d decline. Fuck, she’d probably want to join in!“Second. Pharynx, if I see you get hard from staring at my dick I’m going to get permanent ED. So I’m trusting Aphelion to make sure that whatever happens I don’t see your dick.”Well, at least it wasn’t staring at your dick that got him hard. But you still saw a glimpse of it as Aphelion ducked underneath him. You could forgive that.“And that takes care of that,” you chuckle, “Mandatory disclaimer. The following presentation features adult themes such as humans fucking bugponies, bugponies being fucked by humans, screams of pleasure, a metric fuckload of jizz, and encouraged audience participation. If you’re not interested in all of that, then you should fuck right off.”No one left.“Alright then, Em. Let’s f-”You felt the wind knocked out of you as you fell backwards. There was a weight on top of you. A familiar weight. You should have expected her to try something like that.“Oh no, bugbutt. Not this time. I can’t fuck you into a puddle if you’re on top.”With equal intensity you flipped her over, pinning her down with a hand over her chest. She looked like she was going to try saying something, but she held her tongue. You didn’t hold anything, though, feeling your dick rest against her stomach.“Pleeeeeease” she whined, rubbing herself against you as best she could. You didn’t feel like disappointing.You pulled back, letting the tip of your glorious cock rest against the glistening flesh between her legs. And you pushed onward, diving into her as she hissed in pleasure. You had lost time to make up for, and between as wet as she was and as hard as you were, you didn’t have to spend any time getting her prepared for high velocity action.She just took it. Thrust after thrust after thrust of you jackhammering yourself into her like the world would end if you didn’t. She just stared up at you the entire time with a look that just screamed ecstasy.“I missed this,” you admitted, driving yourself in to her as those around watched with unflinching attention, “Fuck did I ever miss this.”“I missed it too,” she agreed, “Your love tastes so much better than anypony else’s.”“Have you been getting love from other people. Em, you naughty mare!”“It’s not like… I had to survive! I didn’t fuck anyone for it!”“Relax, I don’t care if you did. That’s not going to change a thing about how great this is. Nothing could ruin how great this is.”“You’re right. This is-” she shuddered, her walls tightening, “c-cumming!”“Oh fuck. Who ever decided you get to be so fucking tight.”“It’s not my fault if you make me cum like that…”“Looks like that’s not the only thing I made,” you say, nodding to the growing ball of light above her chest, “Looks like you get my seed twice over today.”“Hive, Anon. If I didn’t love you so much that shit would get old fast.”“If you didn’t what?” you asked, catching her.“I said if I didn’t love you s-” she froze, “Anon I… I…”“Yes, Em?”“I love you! Oh Anon I love you so much! I love you I love you I love-”“There you go!” you exclaim, shoving yourself in and out of her with even more force as you felt yourself getting lost in the pleasure, “That’s my bug.”“Yeah. That’s right. I’m your bug. I’m yours and nopony else’s.”“What ever happened to sharing? Don’t you want to share your love with the world.”“The world doesn’t have a dick like yours. The world doesn’t love me like you do. The world…”“The world wouldn’t do this,” you finish, leaning in to kiss her. As your lips met she moaned out again, another climax washing over her and drenching you in a different way. You kept your lips locked as you rode through her climax, feeling her milking contractions drive you to your own edge.“P-Please tell me you’re close.”“Close enough,” you answer, slowing just a little bit to see where she was going with that,“I-Inside!” she begged, “Please?”“Did you even have to ask? Since when have I pulled out? Nah, I’m gonna fill you to the brim.”“Oh H-Hive Anon… Come on already. I’m ssso f-fucking close again.”“Well, here… I…” you winked, pausing until you knew she couldn’t take another second, “Cum.”It was like an explosion, in more ways than one. You felt your release hit you like a ton of bricks, turning your dick into a firehose as you just kept pulsing jet after jet into her. She came for a third time, her unconscious contractions drawing all you had out of you. But then there was the real explosion. The golden ball of energy that had been calmly hovering between you two went nuclear, cascading off missiles of energy as it maintained its size and coherence.You tracked one of the missiles, watching it aim straight for Celestia. As soon as it hit, the golden comet burst into pink shards, now moving in their own orbit around the sun princess. You watched as the same thing happened to Chrysalis and then to Pharynx. But then something interesting happened when Twilight was struck. Suddenly her energy and Celestia’s intertwined, almost magnetically forcing the two together as their spheres merged into one. The same happened to Luna as hers merged with Chrysalis. And last but not least, one hit Aphelion, no noticeable change occurring there as she was already immediately under Pharynx and well at work.“Em, did we just…” you paused, asking yourself the question you were about to ask her, “Did we just start an orgy?”“Huh wha?” she lazily giggled, trying so desperately to be the puddle you promised you’d turn her into.“Look, Em…” you pointed, watching more of the love comets seeking and pairing off the other ponies filling the room. You looked over to Celestia, who being the first affected appeared to be the first to make a move. She walked up to Twilight, whispered something in her ear, and then pushed the purple pony gently to the ground, craning her neck down to kiss her target. Chrysalis was next, a green flash overtaking her as you suddenly found two Celestias in the room.“You have a thing for your sister, right?” Chrysalis asked. Luna looked away from the real Celestia, a fierce blush across her navy cheeks. But she couldn’t deny it.You hadn’t even noticed that Aphelion had flipped Pharynx over, but you watched as she rocked back and forth against his enormous purple member, pinning it against him.“Whoops…” Metamora chuckled, a look of concentration coming over her face. You watched two more comets fly out of the sphere before it disappeared back into her. They danced overhead, drawing a beautiful intertwined path as they doubled back and aimed for both of you. Fuck she was smooth.“Oh you coy little whorse,” you groaned, feeling life breathed back into your dick as the magic essence hit you square in the back, “You know I was going to fuck you again anyway.”“Yeah, but now you have to. You’re powerless to resist me, you wonderful, horny beast.”“You know I’m always powerless to resist you. I love you too much.” “Anon…” she smiled, “I really, really love you too.”“I know, you silly little bug. I’ll never let you go.”And you wouldn’t. You just held her, content to give her what you wanted once more. You two continued on until you felt the universe begging you to sleep so it could calm down from the supernova of love, lust, and magic you two had created.“Hey Em,” you called out, feeling yourself starting to nod off, “I just wanted to tell you something.”Nothing.“I uh… I brought a picture of Emma Watson with me this time, you know… cause we never did get to do that,” you paused, “but after all this… I don’t think I want you to be anything else.” She didn’t respond. You realized that she had fallen asleep, and thinking further on the topic you were positive that you would be soon to follow. But for the first time in several weeks you embraced sleep fully, because you knew that no matter what, she’d still be there when you…	Wake Up“Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck! Stop!” Em squealed, writhing as you held on to her.“Come on, you keep doing this every few steps. What’s up?” you sighed, you hadn’t even made it halfway from the bathroom to the bed and she’d stopped you three times now.“S-sensitive!”“Then do you want me to pull ou-”“Don’t you fucking dare!”“Fine, then I’m not stopping again,” you declared, starting to move.“Wait Anon you can’t…” she started, realizing that yes, in fact, you could, “Fuck I’m gonna…”You felt her walls tighten around you, imagining that her grip alone would be sufficient to keep her attached to you. Not that you’d let go of her anyway.“Aaanon…” she called out, shuddering against you. Why was that so damn cute?“Come on, we’re almost there,” you coddled her, holding her tight as physics and kinematics fought each other to keep her moving on your dick. You finally reached the bed, leaning over it to lay her gently against the mattress, taking care to ensure that you stayed firmly lodged inside her.“Hhhive how is this so good?”“What do you mean?” you asked, trying to situate you and her on the bed so you were both comfortable. Your slower gentler motions appearing to have calmed her down a bit.“I… I’ve had so much sex in my life, Anon. It’s like, well… It’s like eating a meal, something I do to survive. But this… I’m not surviving anymore.”“You look like you’re surviving just fine to me,” you joke, poking her gently in the side.“That’s not what I mean,” she pauses, “I meant I’m doing more than surviving. For once the first thing on my mind isn’t where I’m going to get my next meal-”“I’m offended! You’re not thinking about me right now? I-”“Stop putting words in my mouth! You know I’m thinking about you right now. I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you and it’s driving me insane!”“You know, that’s a huge ego boost,” you smile, driving yourself back into her, “I can’t stop thinking about you either.”“R-Really? You’re just saying that…” she fidgeted, “Nopony would ever think of a Changeling like that…”“You’re right. I am no pony,” you chuckle, “But I’m definitely thinking of you like that. You’re… special.”“Special?” she asked, “Special how?”“Well at first it was the sex,” you admitted, starting to thrust gently, “But then it was something else. For whatever reason you actually care about me. You don’t pretend to care about me just to get what you want, you actually do care.”“I…” she hesitated, “you know it’s only survival, right? I don’t… I can’t have feelings for you. It’s not possible.”“You keep telling yourself that as much as you need, but for better or for worse you know that I’m more than just your next meal.”“You’re… Alright, I am curious. A fantastical new creature that can give love without running out…” she mused, “Well, you’re special too.”“I don’t feel special,” you start, slowing your motions again, “I feel normal, complete, happy.”“Happy…” she mused, “…Me too. I never really knew what I was missing… It’s nice.”“Wait… You’ve never been happy?”“No… It’s… I haven’t felt a lot of things. We don’t really tend to do much of that,” she explained, “But why not special? Surely this is out of the ordinary.”“Being special has only ever hurt me.”“Yeah… You’re telling me,” Metamora sighed, “I’m a Changeling that looks like one thing but does another. I’ve worked my ass off to be the best Infiltrator I can but every little mistake… It’s like the whole world’s watching, just waiting to point and laugh.”“I hope I’m not a mistake.”“No! Hive no! You’re…” she paused, “well I’m not really sure what you are, but you’re definitely not a mistake.”“Thanks, Em. And you’re the best Changeling Infiltrator I’ve ever met.”“Anon, I’m the only one you’ve met.”“Well the rest are going to have a tough time catching up then,” you laughed, pushing forward more abruptly, “you’ve already done so much to sway my opinion!”“Then maybe I should do a little more, just to be safe.”“Oh? What did you have in mind?”“I was thinking we could maybe cork the deep, existential conversation and go back to that other thing?”“Less talking, more dicking?”“Yeah… That,” she agreed, “But no need to be in a rush about it.”“Gentle…” you thought aloud, “yeah… gentle is fine.”You leaned down, letting your elbows support you as you moved your arms to hold underneath of her. You pulled her against you, letting yourself delight in the strange sensation of her hard chitin against your skin, feeling as if your contact alone would warm her otherwise cool exoskeleton. She seemed to melt into your hold, wanting to be one with you in every possible way. You were just as eager to experience everything she had to offer, leaning in until she was pressed into the bed once more. You let your hips roll forward, sinking back in to her as far as your position allowed.She moaned softly as you held, an even pressure against her as you speared her as deep as you could. She squirmed against you, trying to get just that little bit more, but she got nowhere. You, against her subconscious protest, started to withdraw, slowly, agonizingly retreating from her depths as you fought the amazing pleasure from her warm insides. You felt the cool air on your unsheathed shaft, waiting for the briefest of moments before letting yourself once more drive yourself into her.You held onto this rhythm for what felt like an eternity; slow thrust, hold at the apex, measured withdrawal. Back and forth and back and forth, you felt yourself riding a cloud of pleasure that clouded everything that wasn’t her, but still you felt yourself edging no closer to that inevitable climax, simply maintaining the wonderful, blissful high you were both in.But you wanted more. You needed more, and she did too. You could see it in her face as you craned your neck to look at her, the solid aqua of her eyes somehow betraying far more emotion than you’d ever known. Something about her drew you in, beckoning you onward, asking you to give her more. And so you did. You arched your back, getting a bit more leverage on her but also bringing your face closer to hers. You could see how her breath hitched every time you hilted yourself, how she shuddered as you pulled out, how she bit her lip as you sank back in… All of it was so beautiful but you just needed…More.Before you knew it you had picked her up again, pulling her against you as you all but sat upright. You sought the one last place where the two of you weren’t currently connected, your lips drawing near hers as she tilted her head to meet yours. You both hesitated before the kiss. This meant something, more than just something to keep you occupied while the lower half of you trudged on. This kiss wasn’t a convenience, it was a message. As your lips finally met, you could hear that message loud and clear. This was more than just physical, there was more to this for both of you than just a release or a meal or whatever excuses you made up to justify it.You’re not sure which one of you was most scared by that realization. Her eyes betrayed that concern, a wonder you could only guess at. She hadn’t - couldn’t have felt something like this before. This was special, but you wouldn’t let it hurt you and you definitely wouldn’t let it hurt her. And that’s what terrified you most of all. For the first time in as far as you could remember, you wanted this to work out not because of any dividend of physical or emotional pleasure it brought you but because you knew that you wouldn’t be the only broken one if it didn’t. You cared for this little bug and that terrified you. Stripped of your world, your clothes, your… everything, but she gave you so much more. If anything were to take her from you…Fuck.You pulled away from the kiss, looking for the words to say to make it all right, to lay it out without ruining the mood. You got close.“I’m scared too, Em…” you admitted, “but we’ve got each other. We have to have each other.”Her expression softened and it looked like she was trying to say something, but the words never came. That was fine, you knew what they were anyway.You picked up the pace, wanting more, wanting to give her more, wanting what came next for both of you. As you sped up, she nodded in agreement little gasps joining the quiet symphony of her reaction. You fell forward again, pinning her once more to the bed as you drove yourself into her with increasing speed. You could feel yourself finally climbing that peak once more, marching evenly toward the summit. You could tell she was also drawing near to her own release, her gasps and moans growing louder, occasionally peppered with a whisper of your name.“Em…” you started, “Are you…”“So close, Anon,” she answered “Just keep going. I want it all inside.”“Fuuuck” you groaned, feeling your balls tense at her provocation.She was going to get it all. Every last drop was ready to spill forth and satisfy her request, you just had to hold out until you knew she was there too. At this point you were thrusting as hard as you possibly could, pounding her into the bed with as much speed and force as you could muster. Fuck she had to be right on the edge, you just needed to hold out a little longer. You clenched every muscle you could hoping to delay the inevitable, waiting for…“Fuck, Anon! I’m gonna cum!”Bingo. You let go, allowing those first ropes of seed to paint her insides. You let out a breath you didn’t know you were holding as you felt that pressure dissipate. She tightened around you, milking you for all you were worth and then some. Her hooves, which had been mostly motionless this entire time flew up to grab at whatever part of you she could get a hold on.“Oh god, Em…” you sighed, feeling the last of your cum evacuate you. She hummed her approval.You just laid there for what felt like forever, not moving even the slightest as you just concentrated on the moment. Everything was perfect. She was perfect. Ever since you woke up in magical talking pony land, things just kept getting better. The mental dilemma of whether or not you were fucking a horse had played in your mind off and on since you got here, but in this moment you realized that it didn’t matter. Metamora was quickly becoming everything you’d ever wanted, and it didn’t matter if she was a human, a pony, or some kind of creature that pretended to be a pony. You made her happy, she made you happy, and you both had something to give each other. You gave her your love, sustaining her physically, but she gave you so much more; she gave you companionship in your loneliest moment, she gave you direction when you were lost, but most importantly, she gave herself - no matter how hard that was for her. You could hardly put that perfection into words.“That was…”“That’s the best sex I’ve ever had,” Metamora swooned, “And Anon… I’ve had a lot of sex.”“Fuck, Em… You can’t just say things like that. You’re gonna get me hard again!”“I don’t see why that’s a bad thing.”Maybe you were falling in love after all…“So uh…” you paused, “…Not running and screaming is a good start.”She just stood there, her cream-colored cheeks tinted a rosy hue.“Well then, how about we start with your name.”“C-Cornflower,” she said, quickly enough that you almost mistook it as a sneeze.“Right, well then Cornflower… Let’s make a deal.”She nodded, walking closer.“Well what is it that you want? Because I promised Em I’d keep her secret, and I’ll do whatever it takes to make that happen. And I have a feeling that she would too.”“Em?” she asked, taking a few steps.“Oh jeez, where are my manners. Introductions! So I’m Anon, I’m a human. And this,” you start, thrusting into her, “is Metamora. And if you’re still trying to figure it out, yes she is indeed a Changeling.”“C-Changeling…” Cornflower mumbled, drawing closer still.“Come on, Em. Say hi.”“H-Hi… I’m… Metamora.”“Hello” Cornflower hesitated.“Do you only ever say one word at a time?”“S-Sorry. I…”“Two words, better. But come on… What do you want? I’m prepared to do whatever it takes to buy your silence.”“Can I watch?”“Can you watch? That’s all? Well of course you can watch! Fuck, we’ll put on a damn show, right Em?”“Y-yes… T-Thank you Cornflower.”“She’s not good at long sentences either when I’ve got my dick in her… kinda makes it hard for her to focus,” you thrust, punctuating your last word.“Oh!” she squealed.“See, my little bug here is extra special. Not only is she adorable as fuck, but she’s also incredibly turned on by the thought of being caught. So, Cornflower… have you ever seen a Changeling have an orgasm?”“N-No?”“Would you like to?” you asked, your hand moving to find Metamora’s clit.“Anon you can’t…” Metamora begged, squirming as your hand found its target.“Not much longer now. With as horny as she is and how sensitive her little lovebud gets… She ought to cream all over me right… about…”“Aaaanon,” Metamora sighed, shivering against your hold.“Fuck… That’s what I’m talking about. But you’re probably looking for a bit more than that, aren’t you Cornflower. Well I think I’ve got just the idea.”You craned your head down to whisper to Metamora, quiet enough that Cornflower couldn’t hear.“Hey Em… Wanna really put on a show?” you whispered, “I bet she’s never watched herself get laid before…”Metamora looked up at you with confusion for a moment before she caught on to your idea, nodding in agreement.“Yo Cornflower, take a look at this,” you called, gesturing toward the Changeling beneath you. A green flame spread across her, revealing a powder blue mane and cream colored coat in its wake.“Fuck, Em… you really think she’s that tight?” you ask, adjusting to the new pressure on your dick, “Man if you’re right I’m really disappointed she just wants to watch.”“I think she… Ah!” Metamora cried out after a particularly fierce thrust, “might change her mind… Ah! …after she sees how good you can… Fuuuuck.”“That so?” you ask, turning to the real one, “Cornflower, what do you think about that?”“I…” she blushed, shivering at the thought.“That’s okay, you don’t have to decide now. Wouldn’t want you to make a decision before you’d seen the full experience anyway.”“F-Full Experience?” Cornflower asked.“Oh yeah… You’re probably wondering why I haven’t come yet, right? I mean every other stallion would have by now, right?”She nodded.“Well… Ever seen a Changeling disguised as yourself have an orgasm? How about three?”“Fuck” Metamora whispered under her breath, looking up at you with both trepidation and intense hunger in her eyes.You had set yourself up for success. Three times? You could manage that without even having to tease her. But what fun would that be when you could tease her. So you picked her up in one smooth motion, holding her against you as you turned to sit at the edge of the bed. And there she was, sitting in your lap, legs spread for all to see what lay between them. You bounced her on your lap, letting your dick move abruptly back and forth inside her as you worked up to a good pace in earnest.“There we go,” you applauded, “That ought to give you a better view… I think Em even likes being watched.”“I do not!” she protested, squirming weakly against you. You responded by bringing your hand back between her legs, rubbing just above your union, “S-stop! You’re gonna make me…”“Cum?”“C-Cummmmm!” she squealed, her legs snapping shut and trapping your hand in between them.“You can watch a little closer if you want, Cornflower. Come on, get right up in there.”She did as you suggested, sitting by the edge of the bed with her head a foot away from the action. You could see clearly that she was turned on, not needing the clue of the hoof between her hindlegs to tell you what her face plainly showed.“Oh you naughty mare, Cornflower… Seeing yourself come make you all hot and bothered? What happens when I do it again?”“Anon…” Metamora shuddered, spreading her legs as far as she could.“Yeah… You definitely have a thing for being watched. Naughty Changeling.”“S-Shut up!” she whined, her legs shivering.“I thought you liked being a naughty Changeling?” you joked, freeing your arms to hold her against you, “You can’t honestly expect me to believe you’re doing this all just for the love.”“I… I-” she froze. You hesitated too as you suddenly felt a new presence between your legs.Cornflower was licking you. More specifically she was licking Metamora. More specifically yet she was licking Metamora disguised as herself.“Oh yeah… Go Cornflower!” you cheered, coaxing Metamora to spread her legs again.“I’m gonna… C-Cornflower!” Metamora squealed, her thighs snapping shut to trap the earth pony mare in between them. You felt her tighten internally, the pressure almost unbearable as she rhythmically clenched against you. Cornflower hummed in approval, still dutifully lapping at your union.“Come on, Cornflower. We gotta make her cum one more time and I’m getting pretty close too.”“O-Okay…” she hesitated, as if being given direction suddenly made her participation taboo.“You were doing so great! Don’t stop now! Come on… you see how bad she’s winking? That’s all for you.”Cornflower seemed to think it over, shuddering as if some part of her pushed her forward while another held her back. Eventually the part of her that was egging her on won out, pushing her forward. But she didn’t lick this time, no. She had another plan. Her lips encircled Metamora’s pulsing clit, applying gentle suction.Metamora responded immediately to the increased stimulus, her entire body shaking violently as she tried to cope with the pleasure from you inside of her and Cornflower out. But you could tell it was having the desired effect. Metamora was teetering on the edge of her latest orgasm, her juices drenching your cock and Cornflower’s muzzle.You finally let the last bit of restraint inside of you die, thrusting upwards in reckless abandon. You just kept driving yourself in and out as fast as you could, past the point where you could have held back your orgasm if you wanted to. It was just a matter of time before you flooded that tight earth pony pussy. You felt Metamora bear down on you one last time, making it harder to keep moving as you realized that your end would come as soon as you let it. So you did, uncorking the dam inside of you and letting your voluminous seed flow forth. Cornflower watched in amazement as your balls twitched, your cock throbbing in tandem with each jet.Her eyes lit up with that same hunger you saw in Metamora so frequently. She almost seemed to be glowing with anticipation. Then, right as you overflowed your bug and the first drips of your seed poured free, there she was, lapping them up like the finest wine. Fuck you were really starting to like this mare.“Fuuuuck” you sighed, the tandem pleasure of Metamora’s milking contractions and Cornflower’s attentive tongue sending you into orbit. You fell back against the bed, Metamora landing atop you as your dick slid out from inside her. Cornflower was there immediately to lap at what leaked from Metamora’s still winking pussy.“You… You two are something else, you know that?”Metamora giggled, the sensation of pleasure from Cornflower’s continued attention making her squirm.“So, Cornflower… you want round two?”She instantly perked up, staring first at you and then down at the floor as her nerves caught her again.“Oh, you don’t have to be shy!” you encouraged, “Here, I’ll tell you what. I’ll lay down and close my eyes real quick. If a Cornflower happens to hop on my dick, well then I guess that’s fine - I wouldn’t even know if it was the real one or not!”You did as you said, laying back on the bed, rolling Metamora off of you as you reclined against the pillows at the head of the bed. Before too long you felt a shuffling of hooves as one of them climbed on top of you. The real one, you hoped. She was so eager before… You had to reward her for that. At just the thought you felt yourself stiffen, the soft brush of fur and the warmth of someone on top of you didn’t help matters either. Before too long you could feel the heat in between her legs, your member coming to rest against her hot, wet slit.“See, no clue which one you are,” you said, opening your eyes, “so you can pretend to be a shy, cautious inkeeper or a hungry, headstrong Changeling… I wouldn’t know if it’s real or fake.”“S-Shut up,” she ordered, grinding herself back against you.You complied. You’re glad she at least decided not to be shy about it. She just kept rocking back and forth on you until finally she got into a position where you suddenly started to spread her open. She froze temporarily, shuddering before she started to sink down onto you.“Fuuuuuck,” you groaned, “Man, Em, I’m sorry for giving you grief about it. She’s way tighter than that.”“Y-You know?” Cornflower called out from atop you, still sinking down until she bottomed out on your shaft.“I knew either way, silly. Em’s too nice to steal your chance, even if she does want it so bad.”“I’m so embarrassed!” she squealed, her body seeming to betray her words as she lifted back up.“What’s there to be embarrassed about? Sex is completely normal!”“I-I…” she hesitated, her hips starting to roll against you.“That’s the spirit.”“S-Stop teasing me!”“Oh,” you feign shock, grabbing her sides and taking control of her, “You want me to stop teasing? Whatever you want.”You were not gentle. You thrust into her with the same wild frenzy that you had shown Em earlier, suddenly watching as her expression went blank and her eyes rolled back.“Fuck, you feel wonderful. I always did have a hair trigger the second time aro-”Fuck.You felt her bear down on you, tightening so tight that you thought your dick would explode. And then you did, feeling your second orgasm of the night hit you just as strongly as the first time. You held her down on your shaft as you both rode it out.She collapsed against you, satisfied. You both reveled in the sweet, sweet afterglow, still holding each other tight.“So…” you broke the silence, “Do we have a deal? Your silence for as much of me as you can handle?”She looked at you with a mixed look on her face.“Fine, Metamora too. God knows she’d eat you up if you gave her the chance…”“Not literally!” Metamora chided.She nodded. A lot.“Fuck,” you groan, rolling your back and feeling things pop back into proper alignment, “I haven’t slept that well in… Maybe ever?”You looked over at the two identical looking mares on either side of you as they stirred. Sunlight streamed through the curtains to cast shafts of light across the room.“Not feeling like garbage as soon as I wake up, check. Sexy girl, er, mare next to me, double check. Dick still attached,” you had to check on that one. You were still numb from last night, “Check. Now which one of you is the real one?”“Which one do you think?” the one on the left asked, giggling.“Well I would have guessed you were the impostor since the real Cornflower is so adorably shy,” you taunted, poking her snout with a finger, “but my bug snores like a chainsaw, and only one of you did that.”You glanced over at the guilty party, zeroing in on the mare to your right.“I do not snore!” she scoffed, “Changelings don’t snore!”“You sure seem to be doing a lot of things Changelings don’t do, bugbutt.”“S-Shut up!” she whined, punching weakly at you. She lit her horn as a green wave brought her back to her native form.“Oh come on, I think it’s cute.”“Changelings aren’t cute! We’re fierce, scary creatures. I could… I could bite you!”“Cornflower, are you scared of this silly bug?” you ask, rolling Metamora on top of you.“Um… Not really, she’s kind of…” she chose her sentiment carefully, “…nice.”“Aargh, let go of me!” Metamora squirmed, forcing you to take action and start tickling her, “Anon s-stop!”“Oh my god you are just too cute.”“Anon I swear to the hive if you don’t-”Knock. Knock. Knock.“Shit,” you cursed under your breath, “Em… Time to be Assh-atlas again.”You realized there was another complication.“And you…” you paused, looking at Cornflower, “Hmm… Threesome?”You glanced between Cornflower, who was blushing wildly, and Atlas, who looked equally surprised, before making up your mind.“Yeah. Definitely threesome.”KNOCK. KNOCK. KNOCK.“Jesus fuck, hold on!” you yelled, jumping up and rapidly donning your pants, “Be there in a fucking minute.”You trudged to the door, whipping it open furiously to stare down at the two diminutive mares outside your door.“Twilight? Rarity? What are you doing here?”“We just wanted to come check in on you guys,” Twilight answered, “You know, make sure you’re settling in, doing okay, all that.”“Yes, darling. We wanted to make sure you weren’t lonely,” Rarity hummed, “Although I’m sure you and Atlas are keeping one another company.”Was she trying to say what you think she was trying to say?“And if you weren’t too busy we wanted to introduce you to the rest of the girls,” Twilight added, her excitement at showing you off to her friends slightly concerning. By this time Atlas and Cornflower had made their way to the door, with the latter seeming to consider if it were possible to sneak by you without anyone noticing. Her hopes were quickly dashed.“Cornflower, what are you doing here?” Rarity asked, noticing the timid mare.“I uh…” she squeaked, “…gotta go!”“Oh don’t be silly, I haven’t seen you in so long!” Rarity laughed, “Wait, these two aren’t giving you trouble are they?”“Rarity,” you interrupt, “We fucked. Me, Cornflower, Atlas. Threesome.”“Anon you tease, you’ll embarrass the poor mare! She’s very timid, you know. And she only likes mares anyway.”“Well actually I-” Cornflower tried.“You don’t need to be ashamed, Anon,” Rarity continued, “We are very open about sexual orientation.”“I’m not fucking gay!” you yell.“S-Sorry…” Rarity apologized, looking away, “I know it’s a sensitive subject. I won’t pry any further.”“Hiya!” the pink pony yelled, bouncing - yes, bouncing - toward you down the street.“Anon, This is Pinkie Pie. She’s,” Twilight paused, “Very excitable.”She landed in front of you, staring up at you and taking a deep breath in.“Hi! You’re so interesting. I’ve never met a human! How did you get here? Wait! Why are you here? What’s your favorite color? Did anyone throw you a party yet? Can I do it? I really love parties! It’s my special talent! I’ve even got this cannon and everything. Anyway, I keep talking about myself like a silly filly but what I really want to know is all about you. Tell me eeeeeeverything!”“I uh…”“Don’t answer. She’s used to it.” Rarity explained, “Smile and nod.”“Ooh, you’re some kinda quiet type! Are you the shy, bashful type or the spooky, mysterious type. You seem more like the shy, bashful type. Although you could just be mysterious enough that even the mystery is a mystery - how scary! Anyway you’re kinda cute. It’s a shame that, well I mean… I know a lot of mares that wouldn’t mind. But that’s okay. Nobody respects personal space and choices more than Pinkamena Diane Pie! That’s me, but I go by Pinkie except for when I’m feeling really really sad. So what do you say, want to be friends? We can have parties, and throw parties, and maybe do some pranks in between parties and did I mention PARTIES?”“Are you alright in the head?” you ask bluntly, tilting your head in confusion.“Funny you should ask because I actually hear that one a lot! It’s a really interesting story actually I-”“Oh shoot, Pinkie. Turns out we’re out of time!” Twilight interrupts, saving you from another onslaught, “Have to go see everyone else. We’ll talk about party plans later! Promise!”“Well if you ain’t a tall fella, I’ll eat mah hat,” the orange earth pony started, looking you over.“Uh…” you stumbled, “howdy?”“Howdy’s right pardner! I’m Applejack, fren’liest apple farmer y’all ever gon’ meet.”“Apple farmer?”“Yeah,” she assented, materializing one from thin air, “Want one?”“Where’d you…” you wondered for a moment, quickly dismissing it cause magic, “…yeah sure.”“Here y’go then, first one’s on the house but you’ll be buyin’ more from mah shop ‘fore ya know it.”“I still uh… have no clue how buying things works here.”“That’s right, Twilight done said ya got telepoof’d inta our world here, right Twi?”“Yeah, from my analysis and the latest-”“Right! So what brings ya to my farm, sugarcube?”“Well Twilight wanted to show me around to all of her friends. I dunno, probably thinks I’m spending too much time cooped up with Atlas.”“That sounds like her,” Applejack started, “No offense Twi, but ya tend to have trouble lettin’ things be. If Anon’s happy with Atlas then ya sure ain’t need ta try ‘n change ‘em.”“Wait you’re not saying-” you asked, “Atlas, why do they all think-”“You’re surprised, after everything that’s happened,” Atlas asked, “You’re surprised that people think you root for the home team?”“I don’t- Atlas, come on! You’re not-”“Oh come on now, pardner. It’s one thing ta be apprehensive ‘bout yer own feelin’s but ta put down somepony else just cause yer embarrassed,” Applejack chided, “T’aint right.”“Can we just drop it?” you asked, effectively admitting defeat.“Fine, sugarcube. It was nice meetin’ ya. Anyway I gotta be off to the fields again!”“Oh… My…” the pink-maned pegasus whispered as you approached.“Now Anon, this is Fluttershy,” Twilight started, introducing her with all the tact of pointing out a stray cat, “She’s very timid, so please try not to upset her.”“Oh my god you’re fucking adorable!” you yell, “Can I pick you up?”“Meep?” she squealed, shrinking to the ground so you couldn’t do as you asked.“Anon,” Atlas chided, “Calm down. You’re spooking her.”“S-Sorry… It’s just that you’re so cute! I just want to hug you.”“You want to…” she blushed, “before marriage?”“Wait did you actually just ask if I wanted to hug before marriage?”“I-I know it’s unconventional, but my parents raised me to be a good filly. I made a promise to myself that I’d save myself for him. …Whoever he is.”“That’s kind of disgusting,” you admit, off-put by her pseudo-religious fervor.“Hey,” she admonished in a brief moment of courage before her voice faltered, “You don’t see me making fun of you for your… for your…”“For my what?”“I promised Twilight I would be tolerant! It’s not Celestia’s way! You can’t raise a foal like that!”“Fluttershy, are you calling me gay?”“I’m sorry I… this all makes me really uncomfortable and I don’t like talking about it and can we maybe just not? Please? Sorry?”“What is it with you fucking ponies?” you asked angrily, “Every fucking one of you thinks I’m fucking gay and it’s driving me up a fucking wall. What do I have to do to prove myself to you?”She froze in terror, your anger kicking off the first steps of her fight-or-flight reflex.“Do I have to fucking drop my pants right here and fuck all of you to prove that I’m not fucking gay?”You didn’t even see Fluttershy disappear, you just noticed a pink and yellow trail vanish into the Everfree.“Sweet Celestia, Anon…” Twilight sighed, “You really did it this time.”“Well,” Rarity also sighed, “Let’s go find her before she gets herself stuck in something again.”Just you and Atlas left, no more ponies to call you gay, no more mistaken sexuality, no more having to think about Atlas’s dick.“God, every color in the fucking rainbow and they’re all more judgmental than a Baptist at an abortion clinic.”“Speaking of, where is Rainbow-”Crash-“Heh, don’t worry - I’m insured!” the freshly crashed pegasus chuckled, dusting herself off.“Rainbow Dash, are you alright?” Atlas called out.“Yeah I-” she paused, redirecting her focus to you, “Hey, you’re that human! Neat! Twilight told me I needed to meet you.”“Yep. That's me, the only one of me around.”“Are you-”“I’m not gay.”“Huh?”“I’m not gay. I fucked a mare. It was great. Her name was Cornflower. I came inside of her. She enjoyed it. So don’t call me fucking gay, please please please don’t call me gay.”“Dude! You fucked Cornflower?” Rainbow Dash asked, “Me too! I mean, I knew she swung both ways but… Fuckin brohoof, dude.”She held out her hoof, waiting for you to do… something. What, though. You had no idea what a brohoof was, and it sounded kinda gay. So you did the only thing you could think of and punched her outstretched hoof. That’s the least gay thing you could have done. Except to your chagrin, it seems that was exactly what she wanted. Fuck!“So real talk, do you swing both ways, or does Atlas usually have you all to himself.”“Hey, Rainbow,” you pause, “You seem like the least patronizing of everyone I’ve met today so can you hear me out for just a second?”“Yeah dude,” she agreed.“I’m not gay. Like in the slightest. Literally zero dick-to-butt interest. Nada, zip, zilch. Only pussy on my radar. Capisce?”“Wait you’re… But you and Atlas are so close…” she paused, “Does Atlas know?”“Hey Atlas, do you think I’m gay?”“What, huh? Of course I do,” he started, “Wait… am I supposed to?”“No Atlas! You know I’m fucking straight! What the fuck, bro?”“Sorry… not quite paying attention,” he joked, “Busy thinking about your dick.”“Dude, not cool!” you shouted, “You’re embarrassing me in front of Rainbow Dash. And she’s like the only cool one!”Rainbow beamed.“Alright, alright…” he acquiesced, “Yes, of course I know you’re straight.”“Great. Well if you two are through with your sweet moment, I gotta jet. Only a few more hours of daylight and I still have so many stunts to try!”“Bye Dash!” Atlas offered, waving as she takes off.Ugh. That was, by your count, all six. Which means mission finally accomplished.“Hey Anon,” Atlas piped up, now that you were finally alone.“What?”“You’re a faggot.”“Fuck, come on,” you yell, staring at the gaggle of adorably dressed mares in front of you. Honestly, there’s no reason you should have been surprised by their response. Propositioning the royal maids for the… fourth time since you got here… was bound to go at least as badly as the first three times. Not that repetition was ever a deterrent to you. Whatever it took, you were going to get under one of their skirts. This, this was your fetish.“You’re really surprised?” Atlas asked as he slipped in through the very door that the maids were trying to escape from. “You’ve tried to get under their tails at least twice-”“Four,” you declared matter-of-factly.“Four times? Sweet Celestia, I’m surprised they haven’t complained.”“It’s cause they secretly want this dick,” you beam, gesturing to your pants, “I mean I’m surprised they’ve resisted this long. Twilight and Cornflower and… a certain someone else all submitted to my charms.”“Yes, but none of them were on the clock when you-”“Cornflower?”“Fine, you’re right. But still, you should stop trying to get under their tails. One of them is bound to cause trouble, and we don’t need any more eyes looking at us.”“Oh that’s just not true, Atlas, you know that our mutual friend likes to be watched.”“I don’t- She doesn’t-” Atlas stuttered, “You know what, it doesn’t matter. You’re not going to fuck them and you should just drop it.”“Atlas, are you telling me not to fuck them? Jealous again.”“No, Anon. I’m telling you that they won’t fuck you. As  important as you think you are, they value their continued employment over you.”“Wow, that’s harsh. You can be a real jerk sometimes, Atlas.”“I’m not a jerk, I’m a realist. You’re not going to get what you want from them. Why does it even matter, you’ve got everything you could want already.”“Oh, I do, do I?”You heard the lock on the door click, turning to look at Atlas as he had a concerningly mischievous look on his face.“I said it before, and I’ll say it again. I can be whatever you want, Anon…” Atlas started, his form shifting back to the chitinous gray bugpony you had gotten to know so well.“Still on about that? Didn’t I tell you that you’re fine as you are?”“I’m not… You’re just saying that to get me all worked up.”“You know I don’t have to say anything to get you worked up, bugbutt. And the thought of using you like that makes me sick.”“You’ve given me so much love and you’re worried about using me? Come on, Anon, you know we both get something out of this.”“Yeah, and we both still get something out of it when you’re you. I don’t see why I would want to make you disguise yourself when you’re just so sweet like this.”“S-stop saying stuff like that… It makes me feel all weird inside.”“What, little lovebug can’t take a compliment? Come on, you’ve taken bigger than that.”“S-Shut up… I’m trying to do something nice for you and you’re making me feel all these things. This isn’t supposed to be how this works. Just let me disguise as whatever you want. I promise I’ll make it worth your while.”“Fine, can you disguise clothes too?”“I… I can, but that usually makes the rest of me extra sensitive.”“That sounds like a plus to me.”“I don’t know if I like where this is going. Anon, what are you thinking?”“I’m thinking you can be exactly what I want right now.”“Isn’t that what I just-”“More than that, silly. This will give us both what we want. You want to disguise yourself as something, I want to fulfill a desire that’s been all but shattered.”“Anon, I swear if you make me turn into one of those maids-”“Not just one of those maids, but…”“I appreciate your faith in me, but I can really only change to one thing. No doppelgangers or anything.”“That’s not what I had in mind. I was thinking something a little more… close to home.”“I’m almost positive I don’t like where this is going. Whatever you're planning, I'm sure I'm not interested.”“Oh I’m sure you’ll love it. I’m sure you’ll make the best Changeling maid that’s ever lived.”“You want me to-” she started, “That’s the most embarrassing possible thing you could ask!”“Come on, it’s not that bad.”“You want me to basically be myself except for sprouting a maid outfit, which you seem way too excited about since it’s going to make me so sensitive I’ll… I don’t want to talk about how sensitive I’ll be.”“Yeah. I don’t know why you’re not down for it. You get to be sexy as fuck, I’ll probably make you cum like a billion times, and you still get what you wanted.”“W-when you put it like that, it doesn’t sound so bad, but you’re going to make me feel things. You always do when it’s me that you’re fucking.”“Who said anything about fucking you? I’d just be putting my dick in any other sexy Changeling maid. Plus you don’t understand how fucking hard those skirts made me. Honestly, I’m fairly certain the structural rigidity of my dick is probably an engineering marvel right now.”“Is this really what you want?” she asked, nervousness in her voice.“You know I’d stick my dick in next to anything, right? What I want is a fairly wide spectrum. But if you’re not going to let me just fuck you outright, then this is the best thing. Come on, we can even roleplay it. Do you like roleplay? I feel like you probably like roleplay.”“S-Shut up. Of course I don’t like silly children’s games.”“Oh, there’s nothing kid-friendly about the game we’d be playing.”“Fine, on one condition. You can’t call me by my name the entire time. Or that stupid nickname.”“You think it’s stupid? I… I liked it!”“S-Shut up! It’s stupid because every time you say it I get butterflies. Every time you say it I want to be Em and not the strong, powerful Changeling I’m supposed to be. So can you please, just this once let me pretend that I’m stealing your love the right way.”“This is important to you, isn’t it?”She looked away from you, staring at the floor suddenly.“It feels like I’m losing myself. Every time I’m content to just be me it feels like the me that I am is further and further from what it should be. I need to know that I can still take what I need.”“So no feelings, no names, just sex, right?”“Just sex. Just a meal. Nothing more,”she agreed, a green flame washing over her once more. In her place stood an ever so slightly smaller Changeling, similarly patterned to Metamora but wearing the exact uniform of one of the royal maids.“Fuck yeah. That’s exactly what I’m talking about.”She paused, looking up at you with the shyest look you’ve ever seen from her.“M-m-master?” she stuttered, “I’ve come to c-clean your suite.”“Oh, but the other maids were just here and they’ve already cleaned everything,” you played along, watching her eyes widen as she mocked embarrassment.“Oh no… not again. I-I… was I late?”“I dunno about that. Seems like you’re just on time uh… What’s your name, cutie?”“C-Call me Emerald.”Didn’t she just say she didn’t want this to be about her?“Well, Emerald, the maids cleaned my room, but they forgot to attend to a very important housekeeping matter.”“Oh no, did they forget to change your sheets?”“No but it does have something to do with the bed.”“Did they forget the pillow mints? They always forget the pillow mints and I…”“Wait, there are supposed to be pillow mints?” you asked, momentarily distracted, “Actually forget about that. What I’m talking about is much more serious. They forgot to take care of my needs.”“T-Take care of your needs? Do you need coffee, a newspaper, more pillows, or-”“You,” you paused, “I need you, Emerald.”“Master, you’re not asking me to…”“What if I was?”“I couldn’t! I’d lose my job if anypony ever found out!”“Well then we better make sure nobody finds out, then.”“I-I shouldn’t. It’s… I… I promised the Princesses I’d be a good filly. T-that’s the only reason I’m here and not in the dungeons.”“Well what if you were a great mare instead,” you asked, circling her, “Think they’d mind?”“M-Master!”“Oh come on! I see you day in and day out and you’re such a fucking tease the entire time. Always wearing that skirt just a little too well, your tail trying to show me everything underneath. I can’t hold back anymore. Plus I’ve always wondered what Changeling pussy felt like. You’ve gotta be curious about me too, right?”“I uh…” she stammered, her legs widening just a bit, “M-maybe just a bit. P-promise you won’t tell anyone?”“I promise. Now up on the bed and spread those legs you naughty little thing.”She complied, her tail still obstructing your view between her legs, but simply looking up her skirt was fine for the moment.“You’re not going to keep that tail there the entire time, are you?”“S-Sorry Master,” she apologized, her tail slowly moving to the side as she wiggled her rump at you. You could see her glistening folds clear as day. You hoped it was the roleplay that got her wet, but it could have been anything.“Can I?”“Y-Yes Master. Whatever you need.”“That’s exactly what I was hoping to hear,” you chuckled, moving a hand under her skirt.“Oh M-Master!” she squealed as soon as you came in contact with her folds.“Hold on, Emerald, we’re just getting started.”You fingered her gently, stroking along her marehood inside and out until your hand was sufficiently drenched. You pulled back and immediately dropped your pants and underwear.“You want this inside of you? Think it’ll fit?”“H-ha… Master you’re so big!”“You think you can handle it?”“I… Yes. Please, Master!”“If you say so,” you answered, lining yourself up.“I can feel it! S-So this is what c-cock feels like. It’s so wa-”You pressed forward, interrupting her thought.“Fuck you’re tight. Am I your first?”She nodded.“You mean as cute as you are no royal guard has bent you over and fucked you until you were as white as their coat?”“N-No… Nobody pays much attention to me since I’m a Changeling.”“Well then I’ll have to show you a good time.”You finally bottomed out in her, feeling her seize up as her first of many orgasms overtook her. That didn’t mean you were stopping, though. No, you were only getting started. With her internal grip holding you tight, you could feel every possible sensation as you plowed into her over and over again.“Fuck you’re good for your first time. It’s almost like you’re just pretending…”“T-That’s silly, Master,” she giggled, “But are you getting close?”“Y-Yeah. Where do you want it.” “Outside. Mark me as yours, Master. Cum all over me.”Somehow that sounded even sexier than emptying your load deep inside of her. So you pulled out and painted rope after rope against her outfit, tail, and backside. As you saturated her with your seed she came again, her entire form shaking as you finally stopped cumming.After a minute, you felt her maid outfit disappear as she returned to her regular form.“Thank you, Anon. I needed that.”“Me too. Also you were so in character… I can’t believe how real that felt.”“I’m a Changeling, that’s how it’s supposed to feel.”“Then wanna make it feel like that again?”“Y-you’re really asking me to-”“Yeah. But this time it’s whoever you want.”“Twilight!” Celestia exclaimed, meeting her student in the receiving hall of the castle. “Thank you for coming to the castle on such short notice.”“Well given how serious the situation, and especially since I missed out on the warning signs myself… It only seemed prudent that I get here as soon as possible.”“Oh, Twilight. Don’t beat yourself up about that. If Luna and I didn’t notice, there’s no way you could have possibly-”“I’m supposed to be studying them! I should know more than anypony. Anypony except-” she paused, “well, except Atlas if he were actually a pony.”“They are devious, evil creatures, Twilight. That they were able to deceive such a pure heart as yours comes as no surprise,” Celestia soothed, “Anyway, discussing this matter was only part of why I brought you here.”“Really? Please, tell me what you need from me.”“Come on, we need privacy to discuss what I have in mind.”“Right. Where should we go? Do we need to reference written sources? Should we go to the library reading room? Maybe we need more room to consult a map, so the royal conference hall or-”“Twilight, this is a much more casual conversation than I think you’re anticipating.”“So the tea room, then?”“No, Twilight,” Celestia corrected, “We need to go somewhere a little more… intimate for what happens next.”“I-Intimate?” Twilight asked, trying not to read into her mentor’s words.“Yes. I’d like you to accompany me to my chambers, my little pony. We have everything we’ll need there.”“Your c-chambers? Nopony ever-”“Yes, Twilight. Nopony ever goes there because I don’t just trust anypony with what I’m about to ask of you.”Twilight snapped to attention at that. Something that her beloved mentor wanted that no other pony could fulfill… She would do anything to satisfy that. Anything.“Yes, Princess. Whatever you ask, just lead the way and I’ll come with you.”“Oh, I have no doubts there, Twilight. You’re exactly the mare I need for this job. You’re the only one I can trust with such a sensitive matter.”“I’m flattered!” Twilight beamed, her sense of pride warring with her need for recognition over which one was allowed to manifest. “I promise I’ll do my best.”“Then let’s go, Twilight. We’ve got so much to discuss and so little time!”—“This is really…” Twilight realized, staring at the enormous inscribed doors with a guard on either side. “This is actually happening!”“You’re such an anxious little filly sometimes, Twilight,” Celestia giggled, opening the door and stepping inside.“S-Sorry!” Twilight quickly apologzied, following her in as the door magically shut behind them.“Don’t be silly, I wouldn’t have it any other way. Those quirks and eccentricities are all a part of the mare I’ve come to admire.”“T-Thank you, Princess.”“Twilight, you don’t have to call me Princess in here. This is the last place where I get to just be Celestia.”“Yes Pri- Celestia.”“There you go. I have no doubt that you understand just as I do that it’s nice to just be a mare from time to time. Now just imagine how infrequently I get that pleasure. Hearing somepony say just my name, no Princess or Your Highness, just me… It’s one of my favorite guilty pleasures.”“I can only imagine…” Twilight empathized, “But didn’t you have something important to discuss?”“In time, Twilight Sparkle. Impatience is not a good look for you!”“Sorry, I… It seemed like this was urgent. I just wanted to…”“Urgent isn’t necessarily the right word. Important, though, that’s true.”“Right, so… I’m sorry, I just don’t like anticipation.”“That’s fine, Twilight. We can get started shortly. But first I have a question for you,” Celestia smiled, “Do you like me, Twilight? Be honest.”“Of course I like you! Everyone likes you! I don’t know a single pony that doesn’t worship their Princess.”“No no no, Twilight. You’re not hearing me. What I asked is if you like me, Celestia, the pony, not the princess. I know my subjects admire me, but that is an empty platitude.”“I…” Twilight started, not sure how to answer the question.“You’ve spent more time with me than almost every other pony in Equestria. What I want to know, is if you like me. Am I a likable pony or do ponies just respect me out of obligation.”“Are you… Why do you even have to ask? You’re wise, kindhearted, nurturing…” Twilight started, blushing as she tried to phrase another thought, “b-beautiful.”“You really think I’m beautiful?”“S-Sorry, I know it’s inappropriate…”“No, Twilight! It’s so far from! Nopony ever says anything about my appearance. I’ve learned to distinguish the glances over the years, the difference between physical admiration and ‘Maybe you shouldn’t have had that sixth piece of cake’. But nopony ever tells me I’m beautiful,” she explained, tearing up, “Luna used to s-say I was as beautiful as the sun is bright but… Ever since she’s been back… We don’t talk like that anymore.”“Princ-” Twilight caught herself, “Celestia… I didn’t know… I just… Nopony ever tells you that you’re beautiful?”“No… Everypony is always so politically correct and tense, like I’m not just another mare under this gilded barding. Like I don’t have a fragile heart… It’s getting to me, Twilight. Especially since that human and Luna… and you…”“T-Tia…” Twilight tried, watching Celestia bristle at the nickname before soothing slightly. Hearing someone other than her sister call her by such an intimate nickname caught her off guard. After Celestia relaxed, Twilight wrapped her hooves around her monarch’s neck, pulling herself into a loose hug with the taller mare.“Twilight…” Celestia started, leaning into the hug, “Do you love me? Do you want me?”“I-I… You’re my teacher and I’m your student! It’s unethical for me to… to be attracted to you.”“You’re not just a student anymore, Twilight. You’re a grown mare who can make her own choices. Didn’t you tell me that yourself?”“That’s not… I couldn’t possibly…” Twilight tried to explain, “You’re a princess and it’s not right for me to think of you like that. I like you a lot, C-Celestia, but I can’t love you!”“Damnit, Twilight! I’m not a little filly! You don’t have to try and protect me from feelings. Maybe I want somepony to want me. Maybe I want you to want me.”“You want…” Twilight tried to ask, “me?”“Are you really asking me to spell it out for you? You’ve been my student for all these years, you’ve watched me and studied me as much as you studied anything else and you’re asking me if this is real? Can’t you see how much I need this? How much I need you?”“I… Why did you never say anything?”“Because I’m a princess, Twilight. I couldn’t just prance around and sleep with my student, could I?”“You… This whole time?”“Once you grew up into such a remarkable mare… But I couldn’t indulge myself. I couldn’t possibly ask you to choose me over everything you could be… everything you’ve become.”“W-What changed?”“N-Nothing!” Celestia whined, jumping onto the large bed at the center of the room, “But I’ve decided I’m indulging myself now. If Luna can do what she pleases, then so can I! Please, Twilight?”The purple unicorn blushed furiously, nodding as imperceptibly as she could as she moved to the edge of the bed, looking at her mentor in a completely different light.“Y-You want me to… ”“I want you to make me feel like a mare, Twilight. Put your hooves on me, tease me, make me… make me scream your name.”“H-How should I…”“Don’t look at me for instructions. I’m not your teacher here, Twilight. You’ve got to learn this for yourself.”“Can I really… Can I t-touch…”“Touch whatever you want. Please please heavens above touch me everywhere.”Twilight traced a hoof gently along Celestia’s flank, the princess’s hooves trembling as her legs dangled off the edge of the bed.“Oh Twilight… I haven’t had someone actually touch my flank since… well it's been way too long.”“Is it… Do you like it?” Twilight asked cautiously, her desire to learn clashing with her desire to impress her mentor.“Yesss” Celestia hissed as she melted under Twilight’s cautious attention, “More! Please more!”“Y-You mean…” Twilight asked, one of her hooves moving to trace up the inside of Celestia’s leg.“P-please! No more teasing. I need it!”Twilight obliged, moving her hoof higher until she just briefly came in contact with the princess’s perfect pussy. Celestia moaned loudly at the first contact, trying to wiggle and squirm her way to more of the same.“T-This is…” Twilight gasped, letting her hoof meet Celestia’s drenched lips once more.“Oh my… Twilight you’re a natural!”She didn’t quite agree, but she could at least keep up the illusion. All she needed was to make Celestia cum. After that… Anything could happen. Twilight liked that idea.Celestia reveled in the new, almost constant attention her poor neglected marehood.“Yes, Twilight I’m getting… I’m close!”“Already? I…” Twilight asked in shock, “I’ve barely even started!”“J-Just a little more and I’ll…” Celestia started, her entire body shaking as she finally tipped over that edge, “Twilight I’m cumming!”Twilight slowed her motions, reducing her attention to a slow, lazy movement that was just enough to keep Celestia riding the blissful waves of her orgasm through to their completion.The princess, for her part, was oddly silent. Her body appearing to speak in shudders and squirms  to replace all the words and sounds she wasn’t making.“Was that good? A-Am I doing okay?”“Yes Twilight! K-Keep going! P-Please don’t stop!”Twilight kept going, testing different pacing, motion, rhythm, and pressure as she continued to tease Celestia’s marehood with a hoof.“S-Spank me, Twilight!” Celestia demanded, presenting her rear more insistently.“C-Celestia, you really want me to…”“Come on! I’ve been a bad pony, make me hurt!”“I didn’t… This isn’t what I want, Princess.”“I’m not your princess right now, damnit! Now fucking hurt me, Twilight! Make me bleed!”“No. This isn’t healthy, Celestia. We didn’t agree on this, I’m uncomfortable with what you’re asking me to do.”“W-What?” Celestia asked, her exuberance shattered.“I think we should stop here. This was a mistake.”“No, Twilight. Please. I’m sorry! I’ll be better, I promise… just…”“Princess, we just rushed into this. I think we need to take this more slowly, but right now we need to be apart.” Twilight decided, walking towards the door, “I want you, but not like this.”“No… Please don’t go! I… You’re all I’ve got. You’re… you’re the only pony that I love.”“I’m sorry Princess Celestia, but I can’t help you like this. What you want isn’t good for either of us.” Twilight apologized, slipping out of the room and letting the door close behind her.“I… I can’t be alone right now…” Celestia begged to the now empty room. She had gotten what she asked for. Twilight really had hurt her. But this wasn’t what she wanted.A few moments later, Celestia stepped out through her door, watching Twilight all but gallop down the hall to escape. She faked composure as she turned to one of the stallions guarding her quarters, his face still visibly bruised from his altercation with Anon.“That human stallion has taken so much from me, and it's time he faces the consequences of his actions,” Celestia growled, “Find him, and bring him back to me. I don’t care the cost, but I need him alive and I need him captured at once.”“Yes your highness, I’ll put together a team.”“And if you find that wretched bug, bring it back as well,” she paused, “I need it alive too, but only barely.”“Understood. Is there anything else, your highness?”“Yes. Don’t let anyone bother me until you’ve fetched the human. Luna can handle court until then.”“God you’re both so fucking adorable,” you laugh, laying back with a Changeling in each arm and feeling like some dude in a beer commercial. Aphelion snuggled into you at this, smiling vibrantly. Metamora was, unsurprisingly, upset at being called anything other than tough or strong; she leaned away from you a bit, not content to take your “compliment” but not wishing to leave your lazy embrace.“Oh come on, Em. Application has the right idea here.”“Mr Anon?” Aphelion asked, “Why do you keep messing up my name?”“Uh… Cause it’s weird and I can’t remember it. Like you literally only said it once, and you barely even said it.”“It’s Aphelion,” she reminded gently, snuggling in a little closer still, “It’s a science word. It means the point of an orbit furthest from the sun.”“Why would anyone name someone that?”“The Changeling who raises a brood is responsible for naming all of them. They’re supposed to give them a name that represents who they are going to become.”“So what does that mean you’re going to be?”“It means I’m probably destined to stay in the hive my entire life…” she said with a note of sadness, “But that’s okay! Lots of Changelings do that!”“That’s kinda sad… Aphelion, was it?”“Y-Yeah.”“So, uh, Em…” you ask, turning to the larger Changeling, “What does Metamora mean.”“Oh… It’s a… well…” she started, a new shyness to her voice, “It’s a traditional Changeling name, you know… doesn’t really translate to anything.”“What are you talking about, silly?” Aphelion corrected, “Of course it means something!”“Aphelion, shut up,” Metamora begged.“All the traditional names mean something! They’re especially meaningful! Especially a name as beautiful as yours,” Aphelion swooned, “It’s a kind of double meaning, actually. It usually represents an especially strong youngling that’s expected to go through metamorphosis early, but it also can mean something like ‘bringer of change’ I think. It’s a very old name.”“Really?” you ask, deeply interested, “That’s really cool, Em. Even when you were a little baby Changeling somebody knew you were special.”“Can you please drop it?” Metamora asked, tears in her eyes.“Oh, Em… I’m sorry. I didn’t know this was gonna make you cry.”“I just… It’s… I don’t want to have a beautiful, pretty name or be adorable or…” she trailed off, “I want to be strong and powerful and…”“You silly little thing,” you chuckled, drawing her close to you, “Who says you can’t be all of the above?”“I uh…”“Cause you are,” you decided, pulling her closer, “You’re perfect, bugbutt.”“W-Wow,” Aphelion exclaimed looking over you to stare at Metamora longingly.“W-Weren’t you supposed to be fucking her or something?” Metamora asked you, looking away again to try and hide the smile on her face and the blush on her cheeks.“I suppose I did say that…”Aphelion instantly locked eyes with you, like a puppy waiting for a treat. She stole an occasional look at your stiffening cock, salivating as she clearly thought of having that inside of her.“You sure you can fit all of this inside of you?” you asked, motioning to your half-erect cock.Aphelion nodded. You had to applaud her ambition at least.“Then what are you waiting for, come on, do whatever you want.”“C-Can I really?” she asked, looking between you and Metamora for approval.“Go wild, shrimp,” you coax, your dick springing the rest of the way to full mast.She was on you before you even noticed her move, trying to get enough height to line the tip of your dick with her opening. But she was just too short, only managing to wiggle her heated sex against you. You weren’t going to complain, but you could sense her impending frustration, so you decided to give her a hand, or at least use one to line yourself up.“H-Hive… I feel it,” she shuddered, “It’s s-so big.”“Are you sure you can actually fit this, I’m almost as long as your entire leg, small fry.”“I can fit it!” she pouted, pressing harder against you but getting nowhere, “Changelings are flexible.”You felt the absurd pressure of the drone pressing back on your dick, starting to spread her unbelievably tight lips around your head. Eventually you felt yourself sink in slightly further, your head now far enough that you weren’t in danger of being immediately pushed out. But she kept going, sinking down millimeter by millimeter as her indescribable tightness coiled around you.“Fuck you’re so damn tight,” you grunted, resisting the urge to grab her and slam your rod home.“B-Big!” she squeaked, her wings and legs twitching from the overload of sensation you were giving her.You couldn’t resist any longer, you grabbed her midsection and pulled her down on you, trying to be as gentle as possible despite your burning need. She squealed at the new source of pressure, your grasp driving you forward as your shaft rubbed past her g-spot. She froze as that happened, her entire body locking into place momentarily as if you caused her entire mind to reboot.Fuck, you weren’t even a quarter of the way in yet, and you could already tell you’d be running out of room soon. But that was something to worry about when the time came. You had more distance to cover first, and that was first priority right now.As you just crested the halfway mark, you felt yourself brush up against a firm, unyielding barrier inside of the diminutive bug, her eyes going wide as she looked to see how much of you remained.“K-Keep going,” she demanded, the lower half of her body going slack as she tried to relax.“Won’t that hurt?” you ask. You knew that cervices were not for penetration, you weren’t some 16 year old reading shitty fanfiction, after all.“Y-Yeah but it’s a good-hurt… I think,” Aphelion answered, “Plus supposedly stallions do it all the time when their dick flares…”“More than I need to know, shrimp.”“S-Sorry…”“Hey, no apologies. Just less talking about other dicks and more about how we’re fitting the rest of mine.”She stayed silent, of course there really wasn’t all that much strategy to discuss. You let her rest for a moment before pulling her back up slightly and then spearing her down once more. You felt a little bit of give against that firm torus, coupled with a vicious shudder across Aphelion’s entire body. You tried again, feeling yourself start to spread her deepest barrier around the head of your cock. You didn’t pull back this time, just pressing forward against the impossible tightness as you felt it finally start to yield.“O-Oh Anon… I’m gonna…”You felt yourself slide past that barrier, easily sinking the rest of the way into her as she became twice as tight. You held her as she rode out what you were sure was the first of many orgasms to come. But as you started to lift her back up, you noticed something happen. Or rather, you noticed something had happened, too fast for you to see it in action.In one quick blur, Metamora had launched herself at the bug on your cock, pulling her free from you with a motion so quick you were surprised it didn’t take your dick along for the ride, and launching them both past the edge of the bed and onto the floor.“Metamora!” you scolded, “I know you’re jealous, but come on.”You got to your feet, looking down to where the two had landed and trying to make sense of what you saw.“It’s Aphelion’s…” you paused, more confused at what you were looking at, “Turn?”Metamora was kissing the smaller Changeling, wildly, carelessly thrashing about as she let her hooves roam all over while her mouth locked with Aphelion’s“Fuck,” you cursed, watching the two Changelings intertwine.“Hive,” Metamora purred, nipping down Aphelion’s neck, “you’re just way too cute.”“Em?” you asked, “Is this… Do Changelings normally do this?”“First time…” she started, nuzzling her way down the smaller Changeling, “…for everything.”“What about me then?” you questioned, “I need somewhere to put my dick.”“Just watch the show for a minute,” Metamora commanded, her head now between Aphelion’s hindlegs, “Then you can stick your dick wherever you want.”Fine, if that’s how it was going to be. You could wait, but you sure weren’t going to go easy on her because of it.“M-Metamora!” Aphelion squealed, feeling warm breath between her legs.“Jeez small fry, you seem even more excited about her then you were about me…”“That’s because-” she tried, seizing up as Metamora made contact, “That’s because she’s a v-very important Changeling and… and she’s… My- Aah I could explode.”Metamora didn’t pause to qualify her importance, she didn’t need to. She was being strong, powerful, beautiful, sweet… You wonder if she knew.She just kept kissing, licking and nuzzling between Aphelion’s spindly legs, earning a song of moans and squeals.“Fuck, Em,” you groaned, grabbing her from behind as you tried to turn your exclamation into reality, “I can’t wait any longer.”“Wait!” she paused, drawing away from the drone below her, “I’ve got a better idea.”She looked back at you and grinned. If you weren’t rock-hard yet, that would have been all it took.“Aphelion, on the bed!” She commanded, the drone complying without a second’s hesitation. Metamora jumped atop the splayed-out Changeling, wasting no time as she started to grind her hips against Aphelion’s.You didn’t waste any time either, bringing your cock to rest between where the two mares sloppily joined together. You pushed forward gently, pressing slightly into Aphelion again.“A-Anon” they both squealed in unison. This was perfection.As you sank further into Aphelion, you felt Metamora grinding herself against your shaft. You grabbed her tail and pulled gently, causing her to shudder against you. It was much easier to thrust into her, between Metamora’s juices coating your dick and Aphelion’s hyper-eager state it was as if almost all of the earlier struggle just melted away.Before too long you had a steady rhythm going, slowly increasing the pace but still rocking back and forth with determined measure. That could only last so long though.“Harder!” Aphelion screamed, her voice becoming muffled as Metamora moved to silence her with a kiss. You gave up on pacing yourself and just decided to go hard. Aphelion screamed in ecstasy, possibly in orgasm. Definitely in orgasm as her tightness doubled again. On a back stroke you felt yourself pushed out, your dick glancing off of her and causing you to fill Metamora instead.“Oh A-Anon!” she shuddered, your sudden penetration driving her over the edge. But you were only getting started. You weren’t ready to give in yet. You thrust deeper inside Metamora, reveling in the familiar, inviting feeling before pulling out more intentionally and pressing again against Aphelion.This pattern continued for quite some time, a few deep thrusts inside Metamora, then shallow, frenetic thrusts inside Aphelion, then repeat. They were still kissing relentlessly, the sensuality of their embrace almost enough to send you over the edge. You had to warn them…“Fuck, I’m-”“Outside!” Metamora yelled as she rolled off of Aphelion.“Outside? Are you sure?”“Paint me,” she begged, spreading her legs as wide as she could with Aphelion doing the same next to her.So you did. You stroked yourself vigorously, staring at the pure hunger in the eyes of your Changeling conquests, their vastly different but still equally erotic bodies making you weak. You let loose, your cum spurting forth as you aimed to equally cover both needy mares.It didn’t seem like that much when you came inside, but when you were done you had absolutely soaked them. Every inch of them was covered in your sticky, white essence. They both sighed, panting in tired ecstasy as you finished.Mission success.“Here Pharynx, keep my Aphelion warm for me. Bye!” Anon yelled, dropping one Changeling upon the back of the other as he slid out the door to catch Metamora.The soldier just blinked in confusion, stiffening under the weight placed on him. Further adding to his confusion, the drone atop him seemed to not only accept this turn of events she was- Wait, was she actually nestling herself in closer to him?“Aphelion?” Pharynx asked, an unusual nervousness to his voice, “What are you doing?”“I’m snuggling, silly,” she answered, wrapping her hooves gently around his neck and nuzzling his neck with her snout. Her actions sent a shiver down his spine.“I can see that,” he refocused, his more brusque side coming back, “Rather, why are you doing this?”“You heard what Anon said,” Aphelion giggled, “You’re supposed to be keeping me warm!”“I don’t answer to him!” Pharynx snapped, a note of jealousy in his voice, “And even if I did, this is wildly inappropriate!”“Pharynx! You’re always too serious,” she chastised, kissing his neck gently, “Have some fun for once!”“This isn’t fun!” Pharynx stuttered, his mind wandering as he enjoyed her kiss more than he would like, “What’s gotten into you?”“Love,” Aphelion answered, her voice almost a moan as she rubbed herself against Pharynx, pressing against the unusual protrusion on his carapace as it lined up between her legs. “Anon fed me soooooo much of it and now I want to put it to good use.”“Then what are you waiting for. You’re not getting to the feeding chambers on my back.”“I’m not going to the feeding chambers, Pharynx. I’ve already got somepony to feed right here.”“Aphelion! I’m not-”“Quiet,” she commanded, her voice still soft but brimming with desire, “I know you haven’t been eating. I know you’ve been trying to leave more for everypony else. You keep sacrificing yourself, and after all you do… You already take care of everypony, but you need to take care of yourself too, Pharynx.”“I-” he hesitated. How had she even noticed that he was rationing himself. Sure he felt more sluggish, his eyes didn’t shine like they used to, he moved more slowly… but he had been giving his all to push past that, “It’s for the hive…”“Pharynx, everything you do is for the hive, you more than most. Do something for yourself for once. Just let me-”“No! Other Changelings need that love!” Pharynx rebuked, trying to shake her off of him.“Stop that!” she whined, grabbing around his neck even tighter, “I like you Pharynx, all the drones do. Every single one of us wants to grow up to be you. Let me show you how thankful we are, for everything.”“Aphelion…” he gasped. It wasn’t his intention to draw attention or admiration, he was just doing what he could. He never expected anypony to recognize or reward him for what little he did.“Please?” she asked, hesitation in her voice once more. Pharynx was quickly finding himself having trouble resisting her. If he was being honest, he liked her too. As clumsy as she could be from time to time, she cared deeply about the hive just like him. But if this was just a feeding, well… it was rather unorthodox.“Fine. You can feed me,” Pharynx conceded, “But do you have to be riding me to do it?”“No,” she smirked, “It’d be much more fun if you were riding me.”“You’re not saying…” he asked, shocked at the implication.“Come on,” she coaxed, dismounting him deftly, “How long has it been, Pharynx?”“What do you mean?” he tried to deflect, feigning ignorance as if that would derail her questioning.“Since you’ve emptied these,” she clarified, her snout dipping between his legs to nuzzle between his legs.“Hah-” Pharynx’s breath caught, his mind racing as Aphelion egged him on, “T-Too long, but we really shouldn’t be doing this here… This is… This is Metamora’s room.”“Well it’s so nice that your room is right next door,” Aphelion taunted, stepping out into the hall and giving Pharynx quite the view as she did, “If I didn’t know you better, I’d think you were trying to get close to someone.”“I uh…” he stammered, mindlessly following her with his eyes locked on her rear. She walked into his room and let him follow, circling closely around him to close the door in his wake.“Two very special Changelings from the same brood… of course you’d be close. And she showed you exactly what Anon did to her… Enough to make you want something more?”“N-No, that’s not-”“I can change into her…”“No!”“You sure? She’s so adorable and I know exactly how she acts when she’s in the mood.”“Y-You’re fine as you are.”“Oh Pharynx! A drone, fine as I am?” she giggled, “You could have anything you want, it really must have been a long time since-”“No, I mean I…” he hesitated, embarrassed about what he was about to say, “I think you’re adorable too.”“Pharynx, I look like every other drone. You’re not attracted to all of us, are you?”“Not like that, uh…” he paused again. Time to stop playing defense, “You don’t act like every other drone. You’re one of the good ones, and if you’re insistent on feeding me, then I’m insistent on showing you a good time. You, not anypony else.”“You really-” she hesitated. His newfound determination had all but snuffed out her fleeting bravado, “You can’t mean that. I’m just a drone.”“You’re not just a drone, Aphelion,” he corrected, using the same line somepony special had told him once upon a time.“But-”“If we were all just drones then where would I be?  What about Metamora or Thorax or even our Queen! All of them, all of us are drones at one point, but nopony is ever just a drone. Especially not you, especially not to me.”“But I’m-”“I like you too, Aphelion.” Pharynx admitted, “Now do you still want me to-”It was as if those words flipped a switch in her, bringing back that same exuberance from earlier.“Yes!” she screamed, prancing in place happily. She moved to duck between his legs once more, “Let me just get you hard and we can-”A hefty slap resounded from underneath Pharynx.“Pharynx are you already-”He nodded, turning to the side so the purple length was visible in all its glory.“Oh m-my…” Aphelion squeaked, her vision fixated. He was smaller than Anon, but then again it was likely that most everything was smaller than him. That didn’t mean she was disappointed in what she saw. What he was sporting was more than enough to satisfy her desires. Truth be told anything he could have been packing would have been enough for her. This moment had been a long time coming.“T-Told you I liked you,” Pharynx admitted sheepishly.“Why don’t you show me then?” she teased, widening her stance and holding her tail out of the way.It really had been too long for Pharynx. The sight of her winking marehood reminded him of just how much he and the other Changelings had diverged since metamorphosis. Metamora was, well, her success was plainly obvious - and talking to their Queen at this very moment. Thorax was… doing whatever he did, but he was out elsewhere while Pharynx was here, stuck in the hive, stuck caring for a slowly dwindling population. Stuck not making the most of it. That stopped now.“Are you sure you’re ready?” He asked, his hooves already one step ahead of his mind as he reared briefly in the empty air a few feet away from his target.“You’re not going to break me, Pharynx. I may be small for a drone, but I fit Anon without any trouble.”“You fit all of that? His dick’s as big as your leg!”“Are you going to fuck me or just talk about other stallions all day?”“Impatient, are we?” he laughed, walking up behind her and planting one long lick between her legs.“S-So what if I am?” Aphelion whined, “Are you gonna do something about it?”“I’m going to do this,” he started, rearing up and landing on her, “either way.”“Fuck!” she cursed, shaking with anticipation.Pharynx was just as excited, his dick jumping wildly as it searched for purchase against her. His hips jerked forward on an unconscious signal, attempting to close the gap that kept his cock from reaching its destination. She felt the warmth of his dick pressing against her flank, as he readjusted himself to match the further advance his hips had perpetrated. He weakly bucked his hips back and forward again, trying to line up in a kind of sight-unseen manner.One thrust saw his dick glance off her and divert upwards, causing him to slide over her back as he started to coat her carapace in his slick Changeling precum. He pulled back and re-steadied himself. The second thrust saw him land almost on target, perfectly between her legs but too high for entry. His third thrust brought him higher yet on accident, his forceful thrust threatening to breach her puckered ponut. On the fourth thrust he found his mark, the warm, wet sensation compelling him on instinct to drive his entire rod home.Aphelion felt his warm rod enter her, a challenging but still manageable size. She could feel the beating of his heart as he hilted within her, and she wondered if he could feel the same. She shuddered as reflex caused her to coat him in a gush of her fluids.“Hive you’re tight!” Pharynx grunted, feeling her pulse against him even as she coated his cock with her marecum. “The last time I felt something this tight was with Tho-”He caught himself before he revealed his dirtiest secret. To distract Aphelion from his misstep he pulled back and thrust back in as deep as he could. She screamed in what would have been his name if her breath had held out more than one syllable. The instinct to go wild was tearing at him, but he remained in control.She saw stars as he pulled out again. Being with Anon had shown her what pleasure was like, but this was another thing entirely. She had enjoyed Anon’s affections, but she wanted this. When he thrust back in, her entire world disappeared for a moment, replaced only with the feeling he gave her.“I’m gonna!” she squeaked, teetering on the edge.“Hive yes!” Pharynx grunted in relaxation as he stopped worrying about outlasting her. His cock began to flare slightly inside of her as he pulled out once more, shoving it back in just as she crested her peak. The combination of her tight, undulating passage and his growing flare led to an unbearably pleasant pressure that drove Pharynx right up to the edge.He pulled out once more, feeling himself pass the point where he could no longer hold back the powerful release stirring inside of him. His flare grew to its largest size yet, stretching Aphelion in ways that even Anon couldn’t as he hilted himself once more. With his length finally buried inside the diminutive drone, he let loose the first potent rope of his virile seed. The next jet was even larger yet, starting to pressurize as it tried to escape around the seal of his flare. The third jet finally overcame that barrier, allowing a river of white to flow free with each subsequent blast.As he emptied himself into her deepest reaches, she too let loose the love she was holding with a flurry of love energy exploding from her small horn. Buried in a sea of pink love, a single mote of golden energy jumped from Aphelion to Pharynx. With that he felt a new warmth stirring in a heart he never knew he had.You were starting to warm up to Celestia’s hot-and-cold personality. One moment she was begging for you to give it to her and the next, in moments like this, she was more shy than Aphelion when you first met. It’s as if she couldn’t decide if she really wanted this. No, that’s not quite right, she very clearly wanted this. It was more that she couldn’t decide how to feel about wanting this. You really couldn’t blame her either.“I know you’re nervous,” you reassured her, “I know this feels weird. But it doesn’t have to be.”“I… What I tried to do to you,” she hesitated, “…and you’re just giving me what I wanted?”“Of course I am,” you explain, “The world hurt you, I hurt you, and you wanted to get back. That’s understandable. But underneath all that hate and vitriol, you didn’t want to hurt anyone. You wanted the hurt to go away, and I can help with that.”“But after what I did-”“Stop focusing on that,” you admonished, “You’re not that mare, no matter how you acted in the moment.”“Then why are you doing this? How does this benefit you?”“This isn’t about benefit or reward, Princess. I’m doing this because I want you to be happy, and because Metamora asked me too. I trust her more than you could know.”“She should be angry too! Both of you should despise me!”“You’re blowing this out of proportion again,” you warned, “We both know what happened was a mistake, but outside of that… living within your borders is the happiest we’ve ever been.”“I can’t take credit for that!”“Sure you can, I take credit for shit all the time. It’s easy,” you chuckle.“But I don’t…” she sighed, “I haven’t shown you any kindness. Twilight, Luna, even your Changeling amour have been more hospitable than I.”“You know, you’re a lot like a Queen I met. Green hair, holes in her legs, hides behind an unflinching sense of duty and refuses to let herself have a single personal pleasure. You two would get along great, save for the whole dichotomy between ponies and Changelings.”“I…”“Her subjects adore her but she didn’t know how to handle that either. She locked herself away behind a vow to duty, but when she finally let go… She was an entirely different mare. Don’t you want to let go too?”“I…” she tried again, humbled by being shown her mistakes through another lens, “I’m not the one hiding.”“What do you mean?”“I’ve been looking for love my entire life, Anon. Nopony has ever approached me.”“Have you tried taking the first step.”“Not until recently.”“And how did that go for you?”“Badly. I don’t want to talk about it. I’m sorry.”“We don’t have to talk about it,” you declare, “Would you like to practice instead?”“Would I… What?”“Do you like me, Princess?”“Well I…”“Do you want me, Princess?”Her eyes answered your question.“Make the first move, then.”“But I…”“No strings attached, no judgment,” you interrupt, “Just be yourself.”“You’re on top of me, Anon.”“Oh, you want to be on top, do you?” you asked, getting back to your feet slowly.“I uh…” she paused, still lying on the ground, splayed out like a confused starfish.“I’m just teasing, princess.”She sprung to her feet with surprising quickness, a glint in her eye that made you apprehensive.“You always tease,” she mock-pouted, starting to saunter towards you. Your breath caught when you saw the fire in her eyes. She brushed against your side as she walked past you, the feeling of her fur against your skin almost electric, “Who’s more fun to tease, though? Me, or my sister?”“You know I can’t choose,” you counter as she comes to a halt behind you.“Of course you can’t choose,” she croons, her breath hot against the small of your back, “because I’m going to decide for you.”“Fuck,” you swore under your breath. She had really turned up the charm to 11.“Oh we’ll get there eventually,” she hummed, coming back around on your other side, stopping when she had returned in front of you, now facing away. She flipped her tail out of the way and looked back at you over her shoulder, “But right now I just want you to feel how much I need this.”You felt yourself instantly become rock hard, a sight that was not lost on your paramour.“There’s a time and a place for that,” she scolded, “but right now I want to feel those hands. Worship your princess, Anon.”“Praise the sun,” you giggle quietly to yourself as you move to do as she asked. Immediately you notice how relaxed she is, instantly melting into your touch as you place a hand on either flank.“Yes, just like that Anon,” Celestia purred, pushing back against you.“Do you want me to…” you trailed off, letting one hand dip from her flank to brush her inner thigh.“Yesssss” she hissed, both her voice and the intense warmth between her legs surprising you.“Fuck, you’re on fire down here. Is this all for me?” you ask, brushing the back of your hand over her plump equine pussy.“Do you know how much of an honor it is, Anon?” Celestia asked, “To be where you are? To touch what you’re touching? I don’t just bend over for anypony.”“Thank you, your highness,” you defer, letting one digit sink in between those pink lips to be instantly coated with slick, wet warmth.“No. Thank you, Anon,” she corrected, “At first I thought I only wanted you because you were out of reach. I just wanted a trophy, bragging rights…”You added another digit to join the first as you allowed them both to plunge in to the last knuckle.“But when I found out I could have you,” she paused, pressing back in approval of your affections, “now I only want it more.”“Is that so?” you ask, rewarding her flattery with more vigorous motion.“Mhmm…” she squealed, her legs shuddering as your attention hit a new spot within her, “You’re attentive, receptive, just a little bit …spicy. I know why Luna was wild for you from the start. And if you can do this with your hands all the time…”“Good, huh?”“You have no idea,” she purred, bucking back against the slow undulation of your hand, “I never dreamed something could feel this wonderful.”“Well I’m glad you’re enjoying yourself. You deserve it.”You could almost feel her facade crack as you said that.“No I don’t, Anon,” she disagreed, tensing up as she looked down toward the cold stone under her hooves.“Not again,” you grumbled, weakly continuing your motions - hoping she wouldn’t stop you.“Hear me out. Please?” she asked, “I don’t deserve this. I haven’t done a single thing to earn this. I don’t want to pretend this is anything less than a monumental act of kindness.”“This is a two way street, princess. You’re a beautiful mare and, all joking aside, I am honored that you’re sharing yourself with me. You could have asked anyone for this, but you came to me, trusted me. Just trust me a little bit more when I tell you that you’re worth it.”“Thank you, Anon,” she sniffled, “I’m sorry for being so emotional.”“Come on, Celestia, don’t ever apologize for being real,” you smile, returning to your previous pace, “Especially when you’re so adorable.”“Ah- Adorable?” Celestia asks, clearly affected by your continued attention, “M-Me?”“Oh god, you have no idea,” you capitulate, “I know a thing or two about adorable mares, what with Em being the gold standard and all…”“You don’t have to flatter me and put on a show,” Metamora pipes up, an excitement to her voice, “I’m really enjoying watching you two.”“Fuck, see what I mean?” you point out, gesticulating with your free hand to your beautiful Changeling lover, “Real talk though. You’re definitely in the top three.”“Top three?” Celestia asked incredulously, “After whom?”“Well first place is obvious, which puts you in third, right after…” you pause, savoring the suspense, “…your sister.”“My sister!” Celestia squealed, “I’ll make you eat those words!”“You can make me eat whatever you’d like. Luna’s still got that whole mysterious girl-next-door kinda vibe…”“You have some nerve! I should put that mouth to better use,” Celestia threatened. No sooner had you caught her innuendo than you felt the world spin, realizing that you were suddenly about to hit the ground. Right as you were about to impact with cold, hard floor, you felt a gentle aura lower you slowly to rest.“You didn’t have to throw me on the floor, I would have gladly-”She wasn’t going to let you finish your sentence. You could only watch in awe as the sun eclipsed your entire view as she introduced you to the blistering inferno between her hindlegs.“He’ll never admit it, but he really, really likes that,” Metamora confirmed. How could she betray you like that. If Celestia was determined to sit on your face, the least Em could have done would be to stand up for you. But no, the only thing standing up right now was your uncontrollable erection.“You’ve indulged him similarly?” Celestia asked your traitorous compatriot.“It’s a very good way to shut him up. Not a very good way to prove a point though,” she paused, watching as you got to work, “he tends to-”“Aaanon!” Celestia squealed, writhing atop you as your diligence surprised her.“…do that,” Metamora finished, chuckling.“H-how do we knock him down a peg?” Celestia asked between rough breaths.“Oh I have a few ideas, but they involve sharing. Do you mind?”“Shouldn’t I be asking that?” Celestia asked, “I think you stake a stronger claim to his affections.”“I’ll take that as a yes, then,” she hummed. You heard and then felt her move over the top of you as well, sensing a heat looming above you.“Take it slow Em, I’m close-” is what you would have said if your voice wasn’t muffled by the princess on top of you. Too bad she didn’t hear that.With the speed and practiced ease of a lover who wants exactly one thing, Metamora impaled herself on your imposing meat.With similar speed, you felt yourself approaching that peak, and being powerless to stop it. You’d let Metamora win this one…“A-Anon!” she cried out in shock as you came inside her. But you weren’t the only one releasing a flood; Metamora’s reaction must have flipped a switch in the other mare atop you as well.“N-No!” Celestia shuddered as she tried to hold back, but it was useless. She was no more powerful to resist her climax than you were to resist yours.Metamora held out the longest, finally bearing down on you in the same wonderful way she always did.After a minute of basking in the afterglow, Celestia dismounted you, giving you just enough time to turn your attention to Metamora as the princess kissed her on the cheek gingerly.Metamora breathed a heavy sigh: content, happy, exhausted. She collapsed on you, slipping off your softening length.Celestia gracefully laid down next to you, laying her head on your shoulder.“Thank you Anon, I had a wonderful time.”“So did I, princess. But I think I’ve had enough excitement for today,” you admit, deriving an odd comfort from the two mares cuddling up next to you.“Me too…” Metamora agreed, her eyes fluttering as she wiggled to get closer to you.“You’ll fuck me properly later, right? Come inside of me and all?” Celestia asked, “I know you’ve already done so much but… I’d like to be bred, like a real mare.”“Of course, Celestia,” you agreed without hesitation as you drifted off to sleep, “I would love to.”“How dare you!” Celestia yelled, “I’m the princess of the sun! You can’t resist me!”“I don’t give a fuck who you think you are, don’t you ever fucking threaten her.”“You hold no power over me! I’ll do as I please!” she yelled, her horn flaring to life briefly.“No, I don’t think you will,” you corrected. You commanded your magic forward, forming a mold over her horn. You could tell that she was trying to overpower you, but you only felt more energy pour into you with each attempt.“How are you…” she tried, “What do you think you’re doing?”“Fuck you,” you spat, the darkness surrounding your hands dying off, “I’m magic.”“No…” she declared in a voice that was not her own, “Fuck you, I’m magic-er.”You watched as the edges of your magic-impeding cast singed away like burning paper.“You can’t…” you begged, watching the last of your aura dissolve in flame, “Please!”“You’re right,” Celestia said, her voice back to its normal tone. “I can’t…”Suddenly it seemed like her entire form lit on fire, bathing her in deep orange flames. After a moment, she stepped forward, emerging from the blazing inferno and looking… a lot hotter. The delightful pastel sorbet of her mane and tail were replaced by literal fire. The soft purple of her irises had been replaced by a blazing amber, burning brightly against her umber sclera. The shimmering gold of her minimal regalia was replaced by copper barding that now extended to her chest, wings, and head.“But I can,” her new form spoke in that other, darker voice.“Wait Celestia this isn’t-”“This,” she spoke, pointing a hoof at herself, “Isn’t Celestia. Call me Daybreaker.”“Fuck that’s hot…” you caught yourself saying involuntarily, “I mean… I’ll never give you what you want.”“You don’t have to give me anything, human. Daybreaker takes what she wants.”“Stop!” you scream.Daybreaker flinched at your words, seeming like she was waiting for you to say something else. When you didn’t her grin turned again as she waltzed right up to you.“Stop? Just like that?” she asked coyly, “No, my little traitor, I don’t think so. All that darkness inside of you needs to see the light of day.”“I-I’ll never fuck you!” you snarl defiantly, trying to somehow back yourself up further but meeting the cold, hard reality of the wall behind you.“Not quite yet at least,” she grinned, turning to face the other occupant of the room, “I’ve got something else of yours to take first.”“H-Huh?” Metamora flinched, shrinking under the fiery monarch’s gaze.“What’s your name, Changeling?” Daybreaker spat, marching purposefully towards the now terrified bugpony.Metamora squeaked, but couldn’t speak under the heat of Daybreaker’s stare.“Don’t you dare touch her!” you yelled, lunging forward before you felt yourself somehow unable to move, magically held in place, “Metamora don’t let her hurt you!”“Oh I’m not going to hurt your bug. She is your bug, right? Or are you hers?”“That’s not how love works, you heartless bitch. Neither of us owns the other.”“Right, because I own both of you now.”“P-Please,” Metamora asked, “Why are you doing this?”“Well, Metamora, I’m doing this because I want to. So do you want to feel my royal cock?”“Wait hold on,” you interrupt, “your royal what?”“Oh silly me,” Daybreaker snickered, turning to the side to give you a view of the absurd alabaster augmentation between her legs, “I forgot to mention that not-so-little part, didn’t I?”“Jesus fuck holy shit, that thing’s enormous!”“Jealous?” she asked, nudging Metamora to turn around, “Afraid I’ll ruin her? Because I will.”Metamora weakly complied, deferring to a healthy fear of the flaming mane inches away from her.“Last chance to do something, Anon,” she taunted, nipping at Metamora’s flank playfully.You knew there was nothing you could do to stop her now. A braver you would have tried. But you were weak. Weak because you knew she held all the power. She could — she was going to — strip you of everything you had. You were afraid. Afraid that if you resisted then Daybreaker would take her aggressions out on your love. You were tired. Tired of fighting everything in life. So you gave in, you let it happen. You just watched…“That’s what I thought,” she laughed, rearing up behind Metamora. You watched as she landed atop of your Changeling, causing her to struggle initially under the additional weight.“P-Please?” Metamora’s voice came once more, something off about it.“Please what, my little captive?” Daybreaker asked, lining her bestial tool up with Metamora’s surprisingly damp slit. From your vantage point you could see just enough to wonder if maybe, just maybe Metamora was okay with this.“D-D-Don’t,” she stuttered.“Oh but I thought I might…” Daybreaker laughed, pressing herself forward and spearing Metamora wide around her intruding spear.“Hah… It’s s-so big,” Metamora squealed, that strange sound to her voice again. Was that… were you hearing hunger in her voice? She couldn’t be…“Metamora are you enjoying this?”“A-Anon! I’m so sorry!” she cried, pushing back imperceptibly against Daybreaker’s heated shaft.“Oh f-fuck,” Daybreaker swore, “I’ve never fucked a Changeling before… She’s p-perfect.”“Hah,” Metamora quipped in a moment of strength, “Bet you weren’t expecting that, sunhorse.”“Quiet, slut. The next thing out of your mouth better be you screaming my fucking name,” Daybreaker demanded as she finally hilted inside of your love. She got what she asked for as Metamora put the blazing mare’s name to the same melody that was usually reserved for yours.You felt paralyzed, even more than whatever magic trapped you. You could only watch. Watch as Daybreaker thrust deeper and deeper with her glorious equine cock. Watch as Metamora shuddered in pleasure with each and every movement. Watch as the solar supervillain seemed to have just as much stamina as you did. You could only listen. Listen as each thrust was driven home with a wet squelch. Listen as Metamora started to unwillingly beg for more. Listen to the loud slaps as Daybreaker only increased her pace. You could only smell. Smell the sweet scent of your mare, as turned on as ever. Smell the overpowering musk of Daybreaker’s stallionhood, strong enough to even affect you. Smell the visceral smugness pouring off the alabaster assailant.You could only act.“Fuck you,” you screamed, tearing free of the bindings holding you in place. …way too easily.“Oh, would you like to?” Daybreaker asked, flipping her smoldering tail over her back and showing off the glistening, drenched marehood still between her legs, “Be my guest.”“You know what,” you decided, a switch inside you flipping, “Maybe I will.”“That’s the spir-” she began, startled as you grabbed her tail and yanked. You immediately began to regret that decision. As much as Metamora’s transformations weren’t actual fire, her tail was actively burning you. So much for your aggressive hold on her. You instead dropped your hands to her flanks, trying to ignore the lingering pain as you struggled to pull her towards you and away from Metamora.“You’re not getting me off of her, Anon. My dick’s bigger than yours and I’m stronger.”“You-” you grunted, not sure what to call her, “I’m going to hurt you.”“Fucking do it!” she screamed, watching over her shoulder as you clenched and unclenched your fists repeatedly.You couldn’t decide if you wanted to pummel her with closed fists or slap her ass so hard it left a mark. The perverted side of your mind made that decision for you and you felt your open palm flying toward her flank as fast as you could muster. The contact stung on your hand, but her reaction was so much more enjoyable.“Yes!” she screamed as she shook violently, her marehood winking as the red handprint was visible against even the darker portions of her flank.You didn’t waste a second, using your other hand to line yourself up with her slit and thrust yourself in all at once. She screamed again, her ass meeting your hips as she froze in place for a moment. You brought your hand down in the same spot once more, drawing yet another yelp of pained pleasure from her.“Fire department’s here, bitch,” you smirked, the cheesy line just coming to you in the moment, “And I’ve got your fire extinguisher…”You pulled back.“Right…”You thrust right back in.“Here.”She squealed again, her insides tensing against you and locking you deep within her blazing depths.“Ah… You think you can put this out?” she asked, her mane and tail briefly flashing brighter with a white-hot flame, “Think again. You’re only fanning the flames.”Fuck, she was good. If you were the king of untimely banter, she was your new Queen. You were… surprisingly okay with this new development.“This is fine,” you laughed, taking an imaginary sip from an imaginary coffee cup. You just picked up the pace, driving into Daybreaker hard and fast enough to upset even her momentum, “Yeah this is definitely fine.”“I knew you’d cum around,” Daybreaker quipped, her words sounding more like a command.“You first,” Metamora, silent until now, demanded. You could tell from the way Celestia reacted that Metamora was holding her in a vice grip inside. Her reaction had that same effect on you, her tightness coming and going in waves as you could tell that she was pulsing jet after jet of seed into Metamora, filling her to the brim until each jet drove some out around their already dripping coupling.You felt yourself not far behind, thrusting wildly into Daybreaker, each of your thrusts seeming to reset her never-ending orgasm. It didn’t take much more time for you to start painting the monarch’s pink insides as white as her coat, your seed shooting forth with the same kind of unbelievable volume that Daybreaker was filling Metamora with even still. You let a field of white take over your view as you all but blacked out.You all slumped over, clumsily falling to the ground in a loose, messy embrace.“Did I do okay?” Celestia asked, her mane no longer ablaze.“Oh Sunbutt… you did great,” you smiled, “If I didn’t know better I’d say you really meant some of what you said…”“You know I don’t,” Celestia frowned, looking away.“Come on you silly horse, the whole point of this was to help you get over it.”“I know, but-”“Nope, you’re all out of butts for today. You wanted to prove that you were in control of your emotions, right?”“Yeah…”“Well, were you?”“Yeah…” she signed, “I still feel bad though, making you both relive what I did.”“I didn’t mind,” you chuckled, “and I don’t think Em did either, Right bugbutt?”“Hha… I’m so…” she huffed, staring down at the white stream between her legs as she moved away from where there was once an enormous shaft, “…full”“That’s a yes, in case you were wondering,” you reassure her, “So… feeling better now?”“I uh… maybe I’m still feeling a little bit heated?”“Oh really? Does Daybreaker need to let off a little more steam?”“Actually… I think she needs someone to cool her off…” Celestia hinted sheepishly, her form shifting again to the “Oh you naughty, naughty mare,” you tease, getting to your feet, “I’m going to day-break you alright. Are you going to put up a fight or?”“N-No master. I’ll be a good pony,” she answered, her mane aflame once more.“We’ll just see about that,” Metamora declared as she pushed you out of the way, “I’m going to show you what it means to be a Queen.”“It’s official,” you decide, “I’ve died and gone to heaven. Sexy horny pony heaven.”The two mares stared at you with a fire brighter than Daybreaker’s mane. If you hadn’t gone to heaven yet, you were about to.“Good morning, sleepybug,” you grinned. It wasn’t like you to be an early riser, but ever since you had realized that you got a chance to see Em’s beautiful face all the longer if you did… suddenly it wasn’t so difficult.A look of confusion, then realization, then happiness washed over her. Every morning that confusion was there - like she expected you to disappear. Every morning that realization that you were real hit her anew. Every morning you saw that beautiful smile, that almost ethereal delight as she wiggled closer to you unconsciously.“You just look so beautiful, Em,” you whispered, watching her hair flow behind her.“You’re just saying that!” she complained groggily, despite her smile not moving an inch.“You know I’m not. Waking up next to you is a dream come true every morning.”A few dots of pink twinkled in the distance as she contemplated her response.“I’m so lucky to have you, Anon,” Metamora replied, “And even luckier that… you’re always so good to me.”“I love you, you quirky little bug.”“I love you too!” Metamora exclaimed, as if she couldn’t say those words fast enough, “Hive I love saying that. It feels… It feels like you.”You paused at that… It was clear what she meant, but how she described it left you curious.“Humor me for a bit, huh Em?”“Hmm?” she asked, interest at the edge of her tone.“What do I feel like?” you asked, reaching out to stroke her neck gently.Her expression changed, confusion again, then deep thought, then that smile again.“There aren’t words to describe it,” she answered, imperceptibly leaning into your touch, ”That’s why it feels like you…”“Is that what love feels like to you?”“Yes, but…” she hesitated, enough to make you pause your caress, “normally love doesn’t feel like anything. It’s like water… It’s just there.”“But with me it’s different?”“Yeah… With you it’s like…” she paused, “It’s like I’m drowning in it but I don’t want it to stop.”“When did that start?” you ask, leaning forward to grab her so you could pull her against you.“I think…” she paused, resisting your hold, “…the first time you got mad at me. When we got back from the library and… You were mad at the real me…”“Is that why you…”“I don’t know why I did that, Anon,” Metamora answered, “To this day I still don’t know why I needed you that night.”“No one had ever been mad at you before that, had they?”“No, uh… Disappointed, yes. You know, rationally angry, but never…” she considered, “never emotional.”“I’m sorry.”“That’s not…” she started, “You don’t need to apologize, Anon. That was new to both of us. …And I didn’t hate it.”“You didn’t?”“That meant… That meant you cared about me. Not some disguise, not some facade. It just took me a while to realize I was interested in that.”“I did care about you,” you confirmed, “I don’t think I knew it either back then. Now though, you’re my whole damn world, Em.”“I’m just a bug, Anon,” she disagreed, “your world should have more in it than just me.”“What are you talking about?” you asked, “You’re everything I want, I don’t know what I’d do with anything more.”“I can be whatever you want…” she corrected, her implication clear.“You already are, Em. I know change is kind of in the name, but you don’t ever have to be someone else for me.”“But there’s so little of me that’s real. It’s like a little tiny dot in a world of disguises and personalities and…”There was a long pause - you didn’t dare interrupt with her emotions laid bare like this.“What if this part of me is fake too?” she finished, tears in her eyes.“Oh Em,” you sighed, pulling her in for a hug despite her earlier objection, “You’re really are a silly bug. What are you even worried about?”“Anon I’m terrified I’m still lying to you and I’ll never know!” Metamora cried, fighting your hold.“Maybe that’s how you know it’s real,” you suggest, “If this part of you was fake that wouldn’t bother you, right?”“That doesn’t make any sense,” Metamora said, no longer struggling to get away.“Of course it doesn’t. None of this makes sense, that’s how emotions work,” you explain.“I hate emotions!” she pouted.“Oh come on, bugbutt,” you chastise, “use your big mare words.”“I’m not made to feel things, Anon! I’m supposed to exploit emotions! I’m really good at that. But now that I’m feeling things… they’re exploiting me instead!”“Those emotions are a part of you, Em. They’re not exploiting you, they’re guiding you.”“They’re pulling me in every direction! It’s like I don’t know which way is up without you.”“That’s normal, Em,” you explain, “emotions are complex, they’re not meant to make sense.”“Does it make any sense to you, then?” she asked, though she already knew the answer.“Of course not!”“Then how do you handle it?”“I have you, don’t I?”“But I can’t help, Anon. I don’t understand emotions, I can’t help you when I can’t even help myself.”“That’s kinda the point,” you laughed, “We’re both hopeless on our own, but together we’re a matched pair.”“But you’re full of feelings! Any time I’m upset you just fill the room with wonderful, sweet, delicious…” she trailed off, “All I do is suck the emotion out of you.”“Oh Em, don’t beat yourself up, you suck way more than just feelings out of me…” you joked, realizing how out of place it was, “Sorry… that… I know you’re putting your heart on display. I shouldn’t have…”“It’s okay Anon, I… ” Metamora snickered, “It was kind of funny.”“Still... I’m serious. I don’t want to see you hurt,” you affirmed, “Help me understand.”“Thank you,” she whispered, “Maybe we both need to help each other understand.”“You’re right Em,” you agreed, “We’re so similar in a lot of ways, but I don’t… I don’t really understand what makes you tick.”“That’s,” Metamora jumped on that idea, “That’s exactly it! I feel the same way. You’re this loving, caring, wonderful creature but I can’t… Changelings only ever have to look skin-deep. It’s hard to look further”“It doesn’t help that neither of us is good at putting ourselves on display.”“How do we…” Metamora wondered, “How do we fix that?”“Well…” you paused to ponder, “I’ve got an idea. Ask me anything. Any question you want about me.”“Alright. What’s your favorite part of Equestria?”“Well…” you started, the answer obvious.“Hnng,” she swooned, “I don’t count, Anon.”“How did you…”“You taste delicious when you’re thinking about me.”“Uh, I dunno, I’m glad everyone’s been so welcoming.”“Well, there’s a lot of reasons to welcome you,” Metamora intimated, “Anyway, your turn.”“Right, now that you’re full of mushy feelings and junk… is there anyone you’re starting to like more?”“Huh, I…” she thought for a moment, “Yeah. Now that you mention it… It’s really weird. I like everypony. I don’t just… not feel anything anymore. So I guess… I’m a lot more appreciative of everypony. Especially you, Anon.”“Anyone you really like?”“Hey! It’s my turn!” she yelled, blushing at the same time.“Come on, Em! That first one barely even counts.”“Fine. But don’t get mad, okay?”“Do I look like I could ever be mad at you?” you teased, waiting for her to drum up the courage to answer.“Pharynx,” she finally answered, saying his name as quickly as she could before pausing to let it sink in, “We were really close, Anon… closer probably than two Changelings should have been. I… have so much to show him about love.”“Oh that’s so adorable! Your first Changeling crush!”“S-Shut up! It’s not like that!” Metamora blushed.“It could be, if you want.”“You’d really let me…”“It’s only fair. You’ve put up with me fucking… just about everyone.”“E-Enough about that,” Metamora dismissed, still blushing a bit “Do you miss… where you came from?”That question caught you off guard. You couldn’t even remember the last time you had thought about your world. Was it even your world anymore? You felt more at home even on the run in Equestria than you ever did on Earth.“I really don’t miss much,” you admitted, “I wasn’t happy there. But if I had to pick one thing… I guess the fact that nothing was expected of me.”“Huh,” Metamora responded, chewing on what you had said, “Do I ask too much of you?”“Of course not! You know I’d do anything for you. It’s just… peo- ponies like me here. I have to actually care about everyone.” you defended, “Anyway… My turn again, this is the big one. Show me how you make love.”“Anon!” Metamora chided, “I thought we were being serious here! Did you not see enough when we were in the hive?”“Sorry, phrasing, that’s… I want to know how you generate love, all those balls of light and everything.”“O-Oh…” she sighed, almost as if she liked the idea of a repeat performance, “I can show you, but you’ll have to help out a bit.”“What do you need?”“Hold me in your lap?” she instructed, curling her legs in toward her body as she snuggled ever closer to you. You reached around her with both arms, your hands coming to rest on her cool, smooth carapace.“Yesss,” she hissed, rolling into your grasp, “It doesn’t take much to start anymore. Just the thought of you is usually enough. But to really get it started… feeling your warmth… So good.”You rolled a bit more into a sitting position, resting your back against the headboard and interlocking your fingers over her chest.“See those pink ones?” she asked, pointing with a hoof, “Those ones are just ambient love… the kind I feed on.”“There’s that much just, uh, floating around?”“No that’s… It all comes from you, or… most of it anyway.”“And the rest of it comes from you?”“Remember the other colors?” she asked, “Those are the special ones.”She just laid there for a moment, more and more pink orbs twinkling into existence.“White,” she started, the sound of concentration in her voice, as a few orbs of bright light appeared, “Those ones are… Talking to me.”“Talking?” you asked, “Like ‘Hey Metamora, how would you like to have me inside of you’ or…”“More like…” she started, trying to think of an explanation, “Learning. Transforming, maybe…”“Transforming into…” you trailed off.“Gold,” she explained. She paused for a moment, a grin on her face. “I love you, Anon.”You watched as a constellation of gold appeared, appearing to stir the abundance of pink around it.“Gold is either love I’ve made, like those,” she pointed, “or love I’ve earned. Try saying it…”“I love you,” you declared, kissing her ear. A ball of gold light appeared as soon as you pulled away.“You kind of just radiate love all the time, but when it’s because of me… I can tell.”“The gold ones are more powerful?”“They’re ones I can use. I can use that love to process the pink kind,” she started, a wave of white and gold spreading from the first constellation.“Or I can turn them back into pink ones,” she continued, the golden ball you made exploding to fill the room.“Or I can do both…” she grinned, “Infinitely.”All of the sudden the calm dance of love energy turned frenetic, packing the entire room. Metamora rolled over and looked you in the eyes with a fire in hers that spoke volumes.“You know how much I love you, but do you want to feel it Anon?”You nodded."I love you."You let your mind wash away as she drowned you in love. Her love.“Metamora!” Luna called out happily as she rounded a corner and all but ran straight into you, “We have finally tracked you to this very spot! Had we not known it to be untrue, we would suspect you were avoiding us!”“H-Hi Princess,” you stammered, both comforted by her childlike exuberance and terrified by her predatory determination, “H-How can I help you?”“Well,” Luna said, her voice dropping in pitch and volume, “We have some curiosities that sister could not satisfy. Curiosities about you, dearest Metamora.”“I’m sorry, I’m not sure I follow,” you apologize, trying to determine if there was innuendo to her words, or if Anon had just perverted your sense of normlcy. “Nonsense! We just mean to ask a few questions, possibly gather some data if you are willing to indulge the wanderings of a Princess’s mind.”Well it wasn’t like you could just say no after all, was it? You may be a Queen, but disobeying a Princess, especially the cute one, seemed like a bad idea.“Of course, Princess. I’d be happy to help any way I can.”“Splendid!” she squealed, prancing in place adorably, “Please, follow us so we can go somewhere more relaxed.”And follow you did. Even with your conditioning to labyrinthine structures from years in the hive, you still couldn’t quite keep up with all the twists and turns as fast as Luna took them. It was a surprise, then, when you ended up in front of a pair of ornate doors you were familiar with.“We hope you don’t mind. This is one of the few places where we can let our mind truly free. This room is very much a room for the soul, or at least moreso than the surface of the moon.”“So you actually remember…”“Quite a bit, Metamora. Nightmare Moon was an affliction of the body, and a plague of the heart. But the one domain she never entirely commanded was the mind. We can still feel her deep inside of us: hurting, scheming. While we take a twisted delight in knowing that she is trapped as we once were, there is a sorrow in realizing there is a part of us that is trapped forever.”You were speechless, there was definitely more to the lunar princess than you had assumed.“We say this because you are a powerful mare, Metamora. You stand to do things your forbears could never have dreamed, but with that strength comes also weakness. Weakness in that every faltering hoofstep amplifies itself. Weakness in that the foil to your personal strength is the fragility of those you love. Remember those weaknesses, because as soon as you forget them you become your own undoing.”“Thank you, Princess,” you reply. There was a lot to unpack there, but you would take her words to heart.“Think nothing of it. It is our duty to ensure nopony makes the same mistakes that we have. Life is too important not to make  different mistakes of your own.” Luna concluded, “Now that we have imparted what wisdom we bear unto you, we would like to ask a favor in return.”“Anything, princess,” you agreed.“Do not be so quick to the cut, Metamora. As of yet you know not even what we would ask.” Luna chided, “We have a few objectives that we feel can summarily be achieved in a single act. Foremost, we have many questions we would ask you over many topics. Secondarily, we have a burning desire to study Changeling biology on a willing subject. But finally, albeit not least significantly, we wish to blow off a little steam.”“You mean…” you asked, incredulous, “you wish to bed me?”“Is that so surprising?” Luna asked nonchalantly, “You’re wonderfully exotic, kind and caring beyond reason and we suppose this would be a fair way to express our apologies for stealing your Anon.”“You don’t have to apologize for that… Anon is… Our relationship is special. Even if he involves other mares, I know where his heart is.”“Nonetheless, we should hope that you would accept our offer. We shall inevitably become close since you are royalty as are we, and we would hate for that to be tainted with jealousy or regret.”“You want this, then?” you asked, “…to become close physically?”“We do,” Luna nodded, blushing, “Anon is not the only creature that finds you attractive.”“You think I’m attractive?” you asked with surprise. Anon was not so much of an enigma in that regard, but Luna… how could she find you attractive when just days ago you were a hostile, dangerous creature in her mind.“Are you fishing for compliments, Metamora? ‘Tis quite unbecoming.”“No I…” you paused, thinking about what you were actually doing, “Fine. You may experiment with me as you see fit.”“Excellent!” Luna squealed, motioning with her hoof, “You’ll find the bed is quite comfortable. Please, make yourself at home.”“Yes Princess!” you agreed, trotting over to the bed and taking care to leave nothing to the imagination. You settled in, letting your hindlegs drape off the edge of the bed, splayed out wide for easy access.“So eager!” Luna chirped, “Let us begin gathering data at once!”“Gather awa- Ah!” you shrieked in surprise as she dove right in, burying her snout between your legs. With as surprisingly shy as she was acting, she certainly didn’t hesitate where it mattered “N-No time for games, huh? A mare after my own heart.”“We could not resist,” Luna answered, each breath sending a delightful shiver down your spine. As soon as she finished speaking, she returned to the task in front of her.“I thought this was supposed to be a proper experiment…”“Well we do have one question,” Luna asked almost ashamedly, “Are you… Are you receiving sustenance… love, as it were, from our actions.”“I made a promise, Princess. I am not taking love. Not from you, not from anypony. What is given freely, though… that still feeds me.”“Are we…” Luna started, a hard-to-place concern in her voice, “…giving freely?”“You no doubt know the answer to that yourself, Princess,” you grin. She was positively radiating it, you almost wondered why.“We hoped as much,” Luna shuddered, pulling herself away from your well-moistened marehood and crawling up the length of the bed. She nudged you onto your back and climbed atop you gingerly, “You are important to us, to all of Equestria.”“Thank you Princess,” you smiled, looking up at her warm, matronly countenance as she looked to be deep in thought… thought about you, “What’s on your mind.”“We’re a lot alike. Some vessels are darker than their contents. That makes them mysterious, shadowy, hard to trust…” Luna trailed off, “We trust you, Metamora. We once walked the trail ahead of you.”“That means a lot to me, Princess,” you respond warmly, “But I didn’t expect you to be so sentimental.”“We did not expect you to be so …sweet,” Luna countered, kissing you briefly, “You are more dangerous of an ally than you ever were an enemy.”“You haven’t even given me a chance to be dangerous yet,” you chuckled, promptly flipping over and pinning Luna against the bed. You wasted no time in nipping gently at her neck, tracing a hoof down the length of her barrel until it dipped toward the warmer, softer flesh between her hindlegs.“We thought we were supposed to be the ones performing the experiment on you!”“You can stop me whenever you’d like,” you giggled, slithering between her legs and replacing your hoof with your tongue. Of course she wouldn’t stop you.“Ah, Metamora!” she shivered, her intense reaction only driving you on, “Hah… Oh yes, Em! Keep going!”Somehow hearing her use your nickname felt so right. Em wasn’t just some random Changeling, or some disguise you wore. It was the name for the part of you that was real.“S-Slow down!” Luna whined, “You’ll make us…”“Why slow down now? Surely we’re not stopping after one,” you reason, taking a long lick along her marehood to interrupt your pause, “Why not savor the next, or the one after that?”“Oh fuck…” Luna whispered, the curse sounding out of place in the best possible way.You kept pace with the princess’s now involuntary motions as her hips rolled against your efforts. She softly ground against you as you matched your rhythms to reach her sensitive bud just as her thrusts reached their apex. You could sense the inevitability and immediacy of the princess’s orgasm, almost being able to read her feelings more deeply than any other pony. As if she were playing with your mind… As if her true power in the bedroom had lie in wait for you to notice it.“Luna I-” you tried as you felt a cocoon of warmth swaddle your mind. It was as if you were suddenly dreaming a pleasant dream, but all the while you were still wide awake. You could feel tendrils of her magic mapping your brain, whispers of her mind asking yours how they could make you feel loved, wanted, pleasured, welcome…“Coming!” Luna exclaimed. You couldn’t tell if she spoke that aloud, or if you heard her in your head. Either way, it was as much a command as it was a declaration. You could feel everything, as your mind clouded over and your thoughts ground to a halt. You could feel what she was feeling, and what she wanted you to feel in turn. As close as you could explain it, you just got mindfucked.But as you came down from whatever Luna had done to you, you saw something in your mind. Something you’re not sure she wanted you to see. Standing before you in a field of white were two mares, one a young, adorable light blue filly, and the other a dark, intimidating, regal mare. The small one bounded up to you, nuzzling against your side lovingly. The other mare spoke at a distance but she was speaking to somepony else, somepony right next to you:“You don’t need to protect her anymore,” the shadowy mare declared, “Now it’s her turn to keep you safe.”You glanced over to whoever she was speaking to, and you saw yourself, or rather, you saw the mare that you were before you met Anon. Dark, brooding, and devoid of emotion.“I know,” the other you called, turning towards you with tears and hurt in her eyes, “but I don’t understand.”The darker mare nodded in solidarity with that statement before beckoning back the filly still attached to your side. She ran back and embraced her darker counterpart just as happily as she had embraced you. You looked at your other self, moving to walk towards her.“No!” the small filly demanded in Luna’s authoritative voice. The entire scene exploded into a million pieces, your vision slowly returning as you gasped for air like you had never breathed before in your life.“You’re not strong enough to keep her in check. Give it time.”“Luna, what was that?” you asked, concerned but also somehow at ease.“You met Nightmare Moon. And yourself, it would seem.”“How did…”“You were inside of us,” Luna hummed in satisfaction.“Did you mean to…”“Not entirely. The clockwork of the mind manifests in strange ways,” Luna explained, “Your mind met ours in ways we’ve seldom seen.”“I don’t really…” you pondered, “…understand.”“It means that you have the potential to become a great empath, with the right teacher.”“Are you suggesting…”“If you’d have us as your teacher, we would be delighted!”“The lessons would be like this, right?” you asked, humming in satisfaction.“Yes!” Luna cheered, “We always wanted our own protege! And much more fun than Twilight Sparkle. Take that sister!”“Oh, the fun has only just begun.”“Em? Luna?” a sudden Anon questioned, “Are you two…”“It appears…” Luna chuckled, “the fun has been doubled.”“Em?” you call, rolling over to face her in the spacious bed, “Em, wake up!”She groaned softly, moving only a hair but quickly returning to her motionless state.“Em this is serious” you say, your voice breaking a whisper as you reach over to jostle her gently, “Come on, wake the fuck up ya bug.”“W-What” she calls groggily, “Anon it’s the middle of the night, what could you possibly-”“Now that you’re a Queen and all… how do you procreate?” you ask, not beating around the bush.“Anon? You know how I procreate! We’ve done it more times than I can count.”“Nonono, how do you, ya know… How do Changelings have kids?”“Wha… Why is this important right now? Can’t this wait until the morning?” she moaned, rolling to face away from you.“I just… There’s something I need to know. I won’t be able to sleep until-”“Relax, Anon. You don’t have anything to worry about. I’m not trying to have offspring.”“That’s not… Uh… Just tell me how Changelings reproduce, please?” you plead, trying to roll her back over to face you. “Technically, on a detailed level. Like specific mechanics.”“You have the weirdest questions,” she deflects, a bit of unexpected happiness in her voice. “But I guess I can humor you this time. If you promise that you’d be up for a hands-on demonstration later…”“Actually that’s um… I don’t think I’d… Just tell me how it works first.”“Dude. You’re being really weird. Since when do you turn down the chance for hot, wet bugpony sex?”“Since you’re going to shove your enormous egg dick in my ass and fuck me until I’m pregnant with thousands of your eggs!”She flinched, then coughed, then started laughing uncontrollably, shaking the entire bed with her mirth.“Seriously, Em! It’s not funny. My ass is off limits!”“No, it’s totally hilarious. That’s not… That couldn’t be further from the truth. We don’t lay our eggs in other creatures.”“So it’ll just be for your enjoyment when you rape me with your ovi-prostate… er ovi-post-it… uh…”“Ovipositor,” she answered.“AAAAAAAAAAAH” you screamed in response.“Relax, Anon. I don’t have one of those either.”“You… You don’t?” you ask, “But my dream!”“Wait, you dreamed that I fucked your ass full of eggs?” Metamora giggled.“YES! And it was awful. It hurt and I didn’t like it, and it was gay!” you explained“Then why’s your dick hard, huh?”You glanced between your legs, looking to confirm your suspicion. She was absolutely right. “I don’t wanna talk about it. Just… now that I know you’re not going to be putting anything inside my butt let’s just forget we even had this entire conversation.”“It wouldn’t be gay, you know…” Metamora corrected.“What part of taking dick in the ass isn’t gay? Huh?”“You’re really hung up on this, aren’t you?”“NO! I’m not fucking gay, Em.”“You’re so dense sometimes, Anon. What exactly do you think it means to be gay?”“It means you like taking dick in your butt!” you explain. Fucking simple as that.“Oh Anon, you’re the most sexually powerful creature on this planet and you honestly think that’s all it is?”“Duh. It’s fucking simple, Em. Dick plus ass equals gay. Dick to dick, gay. Balls touch, gay.”“That’s actually… quite an offensively simplistic view of homosexuality.” Metamora admonished, frowning slightly, “So it would be gay if you fucked my ass, just like that one time you said it was a ‘mistake’. Sure it was.”“No! That doesn’t count cause you’re not a dude!”“Right… So imagine we’re having sex and I reach around with my magic and gently, delicately stroke along your taint…”“Em, I’m already hard. If you just want sex all you have to do is ask.”“Bear with me. Stop me when this starts to sound gay,” she pauses, “In the heat of the moment, my magic slips higher, a firm, warm pressure against your asshole.”“Kinky, but nothing weirder than some of the other shit we’ve done…”“I get caught up in the moment, carried away as all of the sudden that gentle pressure spreads you just a bit more and then…” she winks, “Pop! All of the sudden my magic is gently exploring you, moving in slow ebb and flow, softly caressing your walls. After a few strokes the magic keeps coming, converging into a cylindrical projection that spears your insides.”“Wow Em, is this what your sex dreams are like? Cause Maybe you don’t have to let dreams be dreams, ya know.”“Oh, we’re only getting started. The magic starts moving deeper. All of the sudden you feel something. Something strange, unfamiliar. A pressure inside you that feels almost like you’re cumming, but you’re not. You realize that my magic is hitting your prostate and it feels amazing. You ask me to keep going and out of nowhere I roll you onto your back, jumping on top of you. That cylinder of magic attaches itself to my hips and I start thrusting, driving it into you and pulling back out with each thrust.”“When’s this supposed to start sounding gay? Just sounds like some really kinky foreplay to me.”“You’ve never heard of pegging?”“Is that one of those little table games they have at restaurants, you know with the golf tees and stuff…”“No Anon, it’s a sex thing. It’s when somepony wears a dildo and then fucks somepony else with it. It can be gay if it’s two stallions, it could be lesbian if it’s mare on mare, but what would it be if a mare were to do it with her coltfriend?”“S-Straight?” you hesitate. Was it?“There we go!” she cheers, “So in more relatable terms, if I strapped on a fake penis and fucked you until you came all over yourself, that would be…”“Straight,” you answer grudgingly. You now realized where she was going with this.“So being that I’m a Changeling, rather than going out and getting a dildo, I just poof a dick into existence, a broad green lance between my legs. That one’s still…”“You’re pushing it, Em…”“I haven’t even gotten to the egg laying part yet!”“Em!”“Sorry, sorry. Couldn’t resist. But really, I’ve heard from some male Changelings in the hive that, gay or not, they immensely enjoy anal stimulation in the proper setting.”“Yeah, but you’re freaky sex bugs! It’s what you do!”“Admittedly the concept of sexuality does weigh less on my kind than it would on most, but nonetheless we all have our preferences, Anon. You know I certainly do.”“S-So do I! J-Just because I’ve thought about it doesn’t mean I’m gay!”“You’re right, it doesn’t. Sexuality isn’t meant to be binary, no two creatures like the same things, and as long as you’re not harming anypony there’s nothing wrong with liking what you like.”“A-and if I maybe thought about… a man, er stallion, er whatever. A-Am I still straight?”“You’re whatever you want to be,” Metamora confirmed, “Not to trivialize your feelings, but they’re just labels. Your desires aren’t any less valid because they don’t fit within somepony else’s lines.”“E-even if I want to s-see what d-dick feels like?”“It’s natural to be curious, Anon. Everypony needs to experiment from time to time.”“Can you show me, then?” you asked nervously. “Show you what, Anon?”“Your ovi… egg whatever.”“You know I don’t actually have one of those, right?”“Come on, Em…” you begged, “Please?”“Fine,” she grinned, a green flame bursting between her legs, revealing a hefty sheath, “But you have to get me hard.”“Ffuck…” you swore, your face on fire as you stared betwen her legs.“We can go as far as you want.”There was something comforting about that statement. You watched your arm extend out as if it had a mind of its own, moving towards the fleshy pouch between her hindlegs. The closer you got to your target, the shakier your hand became. You shivered as soon as your fingertip brushed against that warmth, earning a shallow moan from Metamora. Emboldened by the pleasured sound of your partner, you continued on, your entire hand coming to rest against the warmth of her sheath.“Oh… ohfuck” you shivered, noticing the first signs of movement as the first peek of verdant shaft escaped its charcoal covering. Before you could even think about it, your hand closed around the quickly growing mast, gripping it gingerly but sill strongly enough to feel each rush of blood as it pooled within the enlongating organ.“Mmm, you’re good at this,” Metamora teased, “Sure you haven’t done this before?”You didn’t respond. You just kept stroking as the inches kept coming, watching as her ovipositor gained more definition. The smooth, slick shaft ended in a gentle taper that seemed like it would stretch you just right. Then there was that opening, splaying just a tad wider with each pulse of her shaft. You felt an overwhelming need to touch that tip, to play with the slick fluid seeping from it.“S-Shit, Anon!” Metamora squealed as you rubbed a thumb against that opening. Her hips started to jerk involuntarily, forcing you to grasp her shaft tightly as she thrust against your grip. “Hive, I can’t believe I never thought to do this before.”You just let her keep going. It was clear that she was enjoying herself, and for once you were honest with yourself - you were enjoying it too. Every thrust, moan, or dribble of warm pre was an affirmation that it was okay to feel the way you did. Or at least, the only person you could confide such secrets in was very understanding. Either way, you were making your bug squirm in all the right ways.“F-Faster!” she demanded, her hips frantically trying to fill that ask as much as you were. You held tightly onto her shaft, letting her slick lime-tinted precum coat your hands as you jerked her off as best you could.“Nnh, fuck Anon! I’m gonna cum!” Metamora yelled, her entire body arching rigidly as she convulsed in the throes of her impending orgasm. You kept going, giving her those last few strokes before she let loose.You could feel that moment as soon as it came, one enormous pulse through her shaft as she screamed incoherently. No sooner had you realized what was happening than an enormous jet of milky seed shot into the air, crashing back down to cover her dick and your arms right as the next powerful spurt shot forth. Just as quickly, you realized it was such a shame that her potent seed was going nowhere, and before your heteronormative trappings could stop you, you dove in and sealed your lips around her shaft.She squealed even louder, the third jet even stronger than the first due to the increased stimulus of your mouth. You’d heard that jizz was supposed to taste awful, but that was the last thing on your mind. The warmth, the feeling, the sheer volume of it forcing you to swallow without thought… You all but came yourself as the last few jets of her orgasm tapered off. When you finally locked eyes with your newly endowed partner, she was blushing like you'd never seen.“Hive, that was so intense…”“Yeah,” you sighed sadly.“W-What’s wrong?” she asked back worriedly.“I thought there would be eggs?”“That’s not how…” Metamora tried, her worry replaced by confusion, “I don’t just cum eggs, Anon.”“But you could, you know…” you intimated, “If you wanted an egg… right?”“We’re not going to be getting any sleep tonight, are we?” Metamora asked in a soothing, prideful tone, her honeyed words as much a compliment as a taunt.“S-Shut up. You’re cute when you’re smug, but you can be a real pain in my ass.”“Oh? Can I…” she giggled hungrily as she lunged for you.“No! Shit, wait…”“Wait!” Cornflower begged, tears in her eyes as she was stared down by two hungry Changelings.“And what would we be waiting for?” Pharynx asked with venom in his voice.“I don’t want this!” Cornflower cried, backing slowly into the small room that Pharynx and Aphelion had cornered her in.“Of course you don’t, but you don’t have any choice in the matter. We’ve taken over your pathetic city and all the love in it belongs to us now.”“No that’s not…” Cornflower tried to steel her resolve, “I don’t want you to take my love when I’d give it to you instead.”“Come again?” Pharynx implored, “You want to give away your love?”“Just like Anon gave his love to Metamora. I- I…” she hesitated, “I want to believe there is good inside of you.”“You’ve met Queen Metamora?” Pharynx asked, his curiosity piqued.“Yes, I knew both of them from their time here. And I…” Cornflower blushed, her voice dropping to a whisper, “I, um, got to know them rather intimately too.”“You don’t mean to say that you’ve bedded my Queen?” Pharynx asked, a jealous incredulity in his voice.“Well if I’m being specific… we both kind of tag-teamed Anon,” she nervously explained, “Oh, I’m so embarrassed!”“Same!” Aphelion squeaked happily. Her exuberance clearly set Cornflower at ease, her gaze now warily trained on Pharynx.“Well then,” Pharynx harrumphed, “If Queen Metamora deemed you worthy enough to bed her and her consort, then you have our attention.”“Yup! All three of us, at attention,” Aphelion chuckled, “Me, Pharynx, and…”“And?” Pharynx asked, looking down towards the plucky drone next to him.“And your dick, obviously,” she retorted, “How could you not notice that, that thing almost broke the sound barrier as soon as she mentioned Em’s name.”“That’s Queen Em- er, Queen Metamora,” Pharynx scolded, trying to change the subject, “I know we raised you better than that.”Aphelion’s expression soured at Pharynx’s admonishment. One of these days she’d have to teach him how to have fun.“Now… Cornflower, was it?” Pharynx asked, refocusing on the less thorny of the two mares.“Yes, I-”“Suppose we take you up on your offer…” Pharynx hypothesized, “What benefit would we derive?”“…Well Metamora said being given love is better than taking it,” Cornflower explained, “But I don’t know how that all works. What I do know is that I had a lot of fun. Enough fun to want more. I don’t see why this would be any different.”“You act as if you have a choice in the matter. Can’t you see that we’ve defeated you?”“You haven’t defeated anypony,” Cornflower disagreed, a streak of defiance in her voice, “I don’t want to fight you, we don’t want to fight you. We want to offer peace, to coexist!”“Coexist? There’s no way,” Pharynx dismissed, “There is no equilibrium between our kinds. There is no give, only take.”“Your Queen would disagree,” Cornflower tried to explain, “Before the invasion she and the Princesses promised a way forward for Changeling and Pony alike. Can’t you believe in that? Don’t you want to believe in that?”“If you can show us this love that exists to be given,” Pharynx offered, “Then we can talk about what there is, or is not, to believe in.”“Before we… Could you tell me your names at least?”“I suppose we cou-”“I’m Aphelion!” she chirped, nuzzling her purple-haired compatriot, “and this is Pharynx. He acts all serious, but he’s really a big softie as long as you show him a good time.”She ducked underneath Pharynx’s barrel and placed a quick kiss on the side of his still-firm shaft.“Aphelion!” Pharynx shouted, kicking one of her hindlegs gently. He stared angrily at the diminutive drone just long enough to miss Cornflower turning around. By the time he noticed movement and refocused his attention-“Do we have a deal, Pharynx?” Cornflower asked, presenting a very attractive offer.Pharynx stammered for a moment. Of course it was because he wasn’t used to anypony offering themselves to him, and it definitely wasn’t anything to do with the fact that he very much appreciated the view.“If you don’t do something, I’m going to,” Aphelion whispered into Pharynx’s ear, her desire similarly stoked. Pharynx shook his head, as if to brush away the cloud of lust assaulting him, “You’re serious about this?”“Of course I am,” Cornflower explained, “The last time I trusted a Changeling it was… delightful.”“I’m not going to change for your amusement,” Pharynx declared.“Wha- I-”“Of course, there’s the caveat,” he pointed out triumphantly, “Always a fucking catch with you ponies.”“That’s not-”“That’s not what? Not going according to your precious plan? What a shame.”“Pharynx!” Aphelion shouted, drawing him out of his tirade, “She’s trying to say something, behave yourself.”He stared briefly at her, confused by her admonishment, then grudgingly turned to hear Cornflower out.“I never asked you to change,” Cornflower explained, turning to face Pharynx “Metamora showed me the most beautiful part is in here.”She pressed her hoof gently to Pharynx’s chest, her warm, caring gaze locking with his cold, stoic stare. Then she leaned in for a kiss; Pharynx obliged.“Come on stud,” Cornflower beckoned, delighting in his vision locked on her as she turned around for the final time, “You know what to do…”Pharynx let out a deep, instinctual grunt as he lunged for his prey.“Oh yes!” Cornflower squealed as she prepared for Pharynx to mount her.He, however, had other plans. Despite wanting to assert his dominance, he still wanted to make sure Cornflower enjoyed it- er, made as much love as possible. Yeah, that.“Pharynx?” she asked, looking over her shoulder just in time to see what he had planned, “Oh- Ah!”His muzzle met with her marehood roughly and without warning, his tongue crashing the beachhead of her pleasure, his ambition to wear down her inhibitions and enrapture her. And if Aphelion happened to see, and happened to like what she saw… Well the consequences of her arousal were often well received.“Oh Pharynx, you didn’t have t-” she shuddered, feeling him lick a particularly sensitive spot, “Ah!”Yes, just like that. He could already taste the first threads of love peeling away from her, unraveling as he continued to stimulate her glistening sex.“W-Wow…” Aphelion exhaled, moaning softly to herself as her hoof moved between her legs; Anon would be proud. Even she could already sense the love Pharynx was squeezing out of the adorable, sweet mare they had captured. He had good taste in more ways than one.“Fuck,” Pharynx swore, pulling away for a moment to escape the pounding assault of her floral scent, her effervescent lust. His plan to get her worked up, to make her lose control was precipitously close to backfiring on him. He could feel his dick straining to find somewhere to sheathe itself.“W-What are you waiting for?” Cornflower asked, any remaining shred of timidity that Anon hadn’t already fucked out of her torn to shreds by her unquenchable need and the irredeemable taboo of the situation she found herself in.Pharynx growled, a primal noise that made Cornflower’s fur stand on end. He jumped atop her, feeling the soft, pliant give of her soft fur and well-rounded flanks under his unforgiving chitin. But the firmest part of his body was currently still awaiting contact. In a frenzied shuffle, he stumbled forward, feeling himself at first lance high and brush his stallionhood against her back. The sweet contact, even if it wasn’t what he inevitably wanted, was enough to earn a steaming shot of his abundant Changeling precum.On the second thrust, he hit his mark, feeling his blunt head spearing the tight canal of his willing pony partner. They moaned in tandem as he slowly pressed inside.“F-Fuck, you’re huge!” she screamed, his length not but halfway buried. He pulled back slowly, fighting against the instinct to just let go and bury himself inside.He pressed forward again, gently driving himself further than before. As he went to reverse directions once more, he felt the air around him heavy with love to consume.Once more he withdrew all but the tip, grasping more firmly before thrusting back in to the hilt. Now that he was finally buried inside of her, the real fun began. Now that he was finally buried inside her, he could let instinct take over. He could get to work without anything to distract him…“Phaaaaaarynx…” Aphelion whined, trying to downplay the obviousness her well-dampened hoof, “you’re leaving me out of the fun!”“Nhh, you’ll get your chance with her in a minute squirt,” he dismissed, “soon as I’ve had my fill of her love.” “I don’t want…” Aphelion trailed off, looking away solemnly, “I want you Pharynx.”“You…” Pharynx started, losing focus on the task at hand, “huh?”“I l… I lu-…” she stammered before finding her resolve, “Damnit, I fucking love you Pharynx!”“W-what?” Pharynx gasped. Between the billowing love from Cornflower and the sharp arrow from Aphelion that freshly pierced his heart, he was having trouble thinking straight.“Oh Pharynx!” Cornflower squealed, feeling him start to flare inside of her, “c-come on, you can do it!”“I-” he hesitated, leaning in closer to Cornflower as if the war raging in his mind threatened to topple him off her back, “Wha- I…”Pharynx could feel the threads of those words hanging in the air, he just needed to figure out how to tie them together, how to make them real. One look at Aphelion over his shoulder and he knew. He knew that even if those words went without saying, telling her how much she meant would be worth it. Worth the pain, the confusion, the uncertainty.“Aphelion I-” he cried, teetering right on the edge, “I love you too!”And as he let his feelings free, so too did release wash over him, mixing with the sweet taste of love in the air and the bitter realization that some of it was his.Pharynx woke up some untold amount of time later, seeing double as he started to ascertain his surroundings. There was that wonderful pony over there - wait, over there - wait… No there were definitely two of them.“Pharynx,” they said in unison, each presenting themselves to him, “Ready for round two?”“What am I-” he tried, rolling to his hooves as if standing would bring him perspective, “Why are there two of you?”“Well we thought you might…” one of them began.“…might want to have some fun,” the other finished.“Which one of you is-”“Cornflower?” they both said in unison again, walking towards each other, “I am!”“Better hurry up,” one said, wrapping her hooves around the other.“Or I might get tired playing with myself,” the other finished, locking lips with her clone in a heated embrace.Pharynx was starting to realize that he was going to enjoy this, he might, maybe, just a little bit, even love it.“See what I mean,” the real Cornflower cooed, “There’s so much more love to give than there ever is to take.”“It’s beautiful!” Aphelion gushed, staring fondly at the whirling ball of mixed colors above the intertwined trio.“Beautiful indeed,” a sinister voice cackled, “But I think I’ll take it all anyway.”Chrysalis grinned as she devoured all but the barest threads of love in the room.“Every sip more refreshing than the last,” Chrysalis bellowed, her wings flaring menacingly, “but I still thirst.”As the Queen alighted in search of more love, Cornflower focused on what little was left within.“I love you two,” she whispered, fighting against the pull of sleep, “don’t let her corrupt that.”And as exhaustion finally overtook her, Pharynx and Aphelion found themselves energized. Chrysalis had taken all the love there was to take, but she could never take all the love there was to give.“Hey,” you call into the seemingly empty library, “anyone there?”“Pharynx?” Twilight’s voice called, scents of surprise and excitement wafting toward you from- “I’m downstairs! Come on down.”You had some very interesting shared remembrances of that basement, courtesy of Metamora. Truth be told, you’d rather be helping with whatever the princesses were trying to do to bring her back. But you understood, presumably as did Twilight, that there was always a big picture. So you descended the stairs, trying to clear your head for the task ahead. If only you knew what that task was.“Hi!” Twilight greeted you warmly as you reached the bottom of the stairwell, “I’m so glad you were able to make it.”“I was told there was important research. I came as fast as I could.”“Yes. The princesses asked me to do some testing to make sure that everything goes smoothly now that this is your home too.” “Oh,” you sighed, “Have to make sure we’re actually reformed, right?”“Nonono!” Twilight corrected, shaking her head vigorously, “Literally the exact opposite! I need to make sure that Equestria will be safe for every Changeling.”“No offense, Twilight, but we’ve been in and out of Equestria for hundreds if not thousands of years with no trouble.”“But you haven’t been given love during that time. We have to make sure-”“Anon and Metamora are-” you stopped yourself, “…were fine. Why would this be any different?”“Well we don’t know if pony love is any different. It might be harmful in large doses. We just… The princesses and I and… really everypony, we want to make sure we’re good hosts.”“I understand. Please let me help however you need.”“Thank you!” she squealed, “Thank you so much, Pharynx! You won’t regret it!”“I’m certain I won’t,” you agreed wholeheartedly. Between what Metamora had shown you, and what you experienced with Cornflower, trust was a lot easier to come by now. You refocused from your brief reverie, “Now what do you need from me?”“Well at this point I don’t have the resources to really clinically test this, so unfortunately we’ll have to be a bit crude in our experimentation?”“Crude?” you asked, not catching her train of reasoning?“Well I don’t exactly have stores of distilled love, nor do we have the time or subjects to test this reliably so…” Twilight paused, making sure you were following, “I’m just going to have to monitor you while I give you my love.”“That doesn’t sound so bad,” you reassured, already looking forward to the free meal.“I uh…” Twilight chuckled nervously, “…I’ve got no clue how to give love, you know scientifically.”“Well what about un-scientifically?” you asked, posing the obvious question.“Um, well I… We could but…” Twilight blushed, “I-If you promise to be gentle and…”“Wait, you’re saying…” you tried to summarize, “sex is the only way you know to give love to a Changeling?”“I’m sorry!” she exclaimed, hiding her face behind a hoof, “I’ve never been so unprepared for science in my entire life!”“Twilight,” you called, trying to break her from her panic, “There are other ways to share love.”“There are?”“Of course,” you explained, “Sex is obviously the quickest, I mean there’s a reason it’s called making love. But it doesn’t have to be sex.”“Then what?”“Come lay down over here,” you motioned to a corner of the room where some cushions were laid out. As she obliged, you laid down next to her.“Like this?” she asked, a nervousness in her voice and in the air around her.“Yes, now…” you started, leaning gently into her, “Tell me about something that makes you happy.”“I like sunrises,” Twilight offered, looking to you for approval, “they’re a beautiful phenomenon, and a nice reminder of who’s responsible for it.”“Good,” you cooed, feeling the first wisps of her love starting to diffuse, “Tell me more.”“Well, Princess Celestia was almost like a second mom to me,” Twilight continued, radiating the warmth of her appreciation, “I mean my parents were both great but she… Understood me?”“But you like her,” you started following a hunch, “…more than family, right?”“I-” she tried, her emotions turning sour for a brief moment, “Yes. And I had a chance to act on those feelings recently. It wasn’t what I expected.”“Do you feel differently now?” you asked, trying to redirect her back to happy thoughts.“Well I…” Twilight hesitated, “She needed more than I knew how to give.”“I can relate,” you laughed.“Oh, um… with, uh,” Twilight stammered, trying to remember her name, “…with Aphelion, right?”“Yeah,” you confirmed sheepishly.“Well she sure seems to like you already,” Twilight offered, “What’s missing?”“She, uh,” you started, “She took so quickly to this love sharing thing and I want to show her that I’ve changed too, but it’s hard for me to, you know… I’m so used to hoarding love to survive.”“You’re not hoarding it right now,” Twilight pointed out, her horn lighting and causing a red mist to precipitate out from the air, “I noticed it and I can’t even feel emotions. You must really like her.”“I love her, Twilight,” you explained, “but I can’t just give her love, I need to feed too.”“She needs more love than you can give her?” Twilight asked with concern in her voice.“No,” you answered, “But she deserves more. I’ve seen how much love Anon gave to Metamora and I… If I could give her that much…”“P-Pharynx are you…” she asked, staring towards your hind legs, “…aroused?”“Wha-” you exclaimed, tracing her gaze right to…“That’s…” Twilight giggled, “kind of adorable. Getting all excited about your crush, huh?”“Twilight, I can taste emotions, including yours. You of all ponies don’t get to shame me about being horny right now.”“Eep!” she squeaked, recoiling in shock as you laid her deception bare.Somehow that only made you more excited.“I-I…” she hesitated, “It’s probably just…”“No excuses, Twilight,” you declared, “We both need to be honest. For Equestria.”“Honest…” Twilight chewed on the thought, “If we’re being honest… I’m really pent up. It’s a long story but… I don’t want to pressure you into…”“You didn’t want me to feel used, right?” you asked. Twilight nodded in response, “Well maybe I want to be. Maybe I want to be useful for once instead of…”“Pharynx,” Twilight sighed, “you don’t have to prove anything. Not to me, not to Aphelion, not to anypony.”“What would you know?” you asked, cringing at your own words, “I’m sorry, it’s not your fault.”“You’re right,” Twilight answered, leaning against you a little more forcefully, “There’s a lot I don’t understand about love, about Changelings… But if there’s one thing I know, it’s that hands on learning always works best.”“Twilight,” you warned, watching her bring her muzzle to yours. Before you could discourage her further, she planted her lips on yours, enveloping you in warm, filling pony love.“Come on,” Twilight encouraged, “Let’s make love, Pharynx.”“I thought you didn’t want to…”“So did I,” Twilight explained, pushing you over onto your back and rolling atop you, “But you… consider this a donation, so you can make her happy.”“Twilight,” you gasped, “I don’t know what to say.”“You don’t have to say anything,” she whispered, her breath hot in your ear, “unless you can’t help yourself.”Fuck.She rolled her hips, moving ever so slightly forward with each motion, the warmth between her legs drawing ever closer to the sensitive tip of your shaft.“It might come as a surprise,” Twilight started, “but I’ve never been with a Changeling before.”“Oh? Liking what you see?”“Yesss,” she moaned, finally lining up the tip of your dick with her wet marehood, “Are you?”“Changelings are less about what we see, and more about what we feel,” you explained, nipping gently at her neck, “but getting both in one package is nice.”“Oh!” she squealed, finally feeling you start to spread her open, “such a gentlecolt!”“You did ask me to be gentle,” you explained, softly pressing yourself further into her with a need you didn’t know you had.“W-What if I changed my mind about that part?” Twilight asked, pushing back more forcefully until her hips met yours.“Then I’d have to oblige,” you said, wrapping your forehooves around her back as you slowly retreated.You could tell she was ready for it, her head lowered, her lips inches from yours, her marehood pulsing around your shaft. So you didn’t hold back. Sex was the most effective way to gather love, and thousands of years of evolution had honed your species into machines built for maximum carnal efficiency.“Oh fuck!” she squealed, shuddering as you shoved yourself back inside with one quick thrust.“How does it feel, Twilight?”“Y-youuu-” she groaned, half in pleasure over your change in tactic, half in contempt over your effective strategy.“That good, huh?” you chuckled, pulling out with an agonizing slowness but ramming yourself back in like your life depended on it.“Come on,” she grunted, lowering her head a little more, “that all you got?”It wasn’t. You switched it up once more, instead of long, staccato thrusts you switched to a short, rapid motion. Her ragged breath switched instantly to small moans of pleasure. She tried to match your thrusts with her hips, but all she managed was a weak shudder.Just when you thought you had finally secured the upper hoof from underneath, you were surprised once more. Her forelegs, which had been supporting her ever so slightly, finally gave, causing her to fall fully onto you and causing her horn to cross with yours. Immediately you felt a jolt through you, as if her horn had completed a circuit. Eventually, though the sharp surprise of her magical infusion dulled and instead of knocking you off kilter, it drove you on even faster.“Oh Pharynx!” she squealed, “…s-sorry I-”“Keep going” you demanded, feeling her magic resonate through you as you felt your magical energy start to intertwine with her body. Your magical embrace fed you back as much pleasure as your physical union, mirroring what the other felt and relaying it back to one another.“H-hive, Twilight!” you grunted, “I’m gonna-”“Hah, m-me too!”Your dueling symphonies reached their crescendo in synchrony, a beautiful harmony.“That was …highly informative,” Twilight agreed, rolling off of you, “T-thank you for being such a v-virile… I mean valuable test subject.”“Well,” you grinned, “Anything to save Equestria.”You moved to leave, having accomplished more than either of you had expected. As you turned to face the stairs up to the library proper, you noticed something, or rather someone…“Pharynx did you really not invite me?” Aphelion asked incredulously, standing at the foot of what were turning out to be a rather unfortunate set of stairs.“This all kind of… Just happened. You know I love you first and foremost, my little nymph.”“I’m not a little nymph!” she whined, “And you completely glossed over the possibility of a really hot threesome! I’m more disappointed for you than I am that I missed out.”“That’s my bug,” you cheered, “What do you say, Twilight? Room for one more?”Twilight was in shock, scribbling furiously at a clipboard in front of her.“Not this again…” Twilight called nervously, her horn lighting, “I have to go.”“Looks like it’s just you and me, bug,” you smirked, already feeling yourself getting ready to go again, “Why don’t I make it up to you?”“Oh Pharynx, how’d you know?” Aphelion gushed, “I’d love to go for ice cream!”“Ice cream?” you asked incredulously. This was not what you had in mind.“Yeah!” she squealed, “I’ve been longing for something thick and creamy to fill my mouth with all day long!”Hive did you love her, but she was going to be the death of you.“Good morning, Chrysalis,” Celestia called, trotting up behind you, “I’m glad to see you’re finding your way around the castle.”“Yes, it was quite the puzzle at first. Even with the underhanded knowledge I’ve gathered over the years,” you agree, “I couldn’t be more appreciative, though, of everything you have done to make me feel welcome here.”“You are welcome here, Chrysalis. I never thought I’d see the day where I could consider you an ally, a friend.” Celestia admitted, “But you’ve been that and more since the events in Ponyville.”“No deed can ever repay what I’ve taken from you, but I am determined to try nonetheless,” you promise, “whatever assistance I can be to your empire-”“Our empire,” Celestia smiled, the warmth in her voice matching the warmth in her emotions, “don’t divorce yourself from the beautiful thing you helped create.”“Thank you, Princess, but your subjects number in the many of thousands and mine in the few of hundreds. I can claim only the smallest part to play in bringing us together.”“Sometimes the smallest parts are the most delicate. The most delicate parts the most intricate. The most intricate parts the most integral.”“I appreciate your flattery, but I am neither intricate nor delicate,” you disagree, “You, your sister, even my own Metamora - you are all beautifully complex creatures, but I... I have only ever been brutishly moved by hunger. Now that I’ll never hunger again… What should motivate me?”“What indeed,” Celestia responded, “I can’t answer that for you, but I would love to help you find out.”“Do I deserve help?” you ask, “After all I’ve done?”“Mistakes are intrinsic,” she lectured, “Learning from them is the true test of character.”“I want to say I’ve learned from…” you sigh, “from everything. But my revelation was gift-wrapped for me three times before I finally understood. Now I’m being consoled over my own crisis of confidence by a mare that is as morally pure as she is beautiful-”Did you actually just say that? Judging by the laser focus of Celestia’s attention and the delightful dance of scarlet on her cheeks, you did.“Sorry, that was improper of me. My mouth moves ahead of my mind as of late. It was much easier to keep my thoughts in check when they weren’t driven by my own emotions.”“I take no offense,” Celestia soothed, “I don’t think anypony would turn away from being told they were morally pure.”“That wasn’t…”“I know,” Celestia teased, “Can I ask though, was that just idle chatter or do you actually-”“Celestia!” you admonish. Was this a thing that friends did? She wasn’t making fun of you, but her delight in your embarrassment was tangible even ignoring your ability to taste emotions. Nonetheless, she asked you a question and you owed a debt of honesty, “…I meant what I said.”“Well I’m flattered. I think you’re beautiful as well.”“No you don’t,” you denied, “You don’t have to pretend to reciprocate the wanderings of my unbidden tongue.”“I’m not pretending, never in matters of the heart,” Celestia mused, “And I think we can both grow to enjoy the efforts of your unbidden tongue and any reciprocity it may bring.”Now you were the one blushing. It wasn’t enough that you had shown your hand, or even that you were beginning to realize that you were painfully attracted to the wonderful, regal, majestic princess who had as of late become as much a maternal figure as she had a friend. The real tragedy here was that the more she spoke, the more she radiated warmth and kindness and happiness at you, the more you wanted to conquer her in the one remaining domain where you may still hold the upper hand…“The bedroom…” you thought aloud. Instantly you realized what you had done. It appears you were ironically cursed to be as transparent with your emotions as ponies usually were to a Changeling.“Oh my, how forward of you,” Celestia gasped. There was something in her reaction though that confused you. She wasn’t amused by your slip, wasn’t holding in laughter or biding her disapproval. She hadn’t the slightest of context on why you chose to string together those two fateful words. Could you… could you flip the script?“You’re right, I am forward. Some would bury their desire behind hidden meaning, but in the end, they have needs the same as I. Your innuendo is just as shameful as my indiscretion, but while I’m prepared to lap directly at your desire, you are content merely to fan the flames.”“I…” she shuddered, her breathing suddenly heavy. You still had every ounce of your Changeling charm.“There’s fear in your voice, Celestia,” you declare, “you know you don’t have to fear me.”“I’m not afraid of you,” she responded, as much a declaration of goodwill as it was an attempt to defray further question.“No,” you agreed, reading her emotions once more and realizing your mistake, “You aren’t scared of me, you’re scared like me. I know why I’m terrified of feeling things, but what of your emotions scares you, Celestia?”Realizing that Celestia was vulnerable too should have filled you with confidence, but instead it filled you with unease. Being afraid of yourself was a cruel punishment, and she didn’t deserve that.“I make mistakes when I lead with my heart. I scared off Twilight, then I… when Anon was still…”“Somepony once told me mistakes are intrinsic,” you nurtured, “How about we learn from them together?”“I’d like that, I think.”“Then let’s go make a beautiful mistake,” you agreed.“Thank you, Chrysalis,” Celestia said, her voice sincere, vulnerable, “Letting myself go is new to me.”“You’re not the only one,” you confirmed, feeling the heat of her magical embrace preparing to whisk you off to her chambers, “I’m glad you can understand.”“What form would you have me take,” you asked, “I can be the mare, or stallion, of your dreams.”“I thought this was for both of us?” Celestia asked, stepping closer to you and making you inch backwards towards her bed.“The form I take is irrelevant to my enjoyment,” you explain, standing your ground “So ask of me whatever makes your heart fullest.”“I don’t need you to change, Chrysalis.”“Really, I don’t mind,” you assure her, “Surely you’d rather look at another form than mine.”“No, truly, I don’t want you to take another form for my benefit. I’ve hidden from my feelings enough, using you to perpetrate the lie would only hurt more.”“I understand,” you concede, “A transformation into something unique, then?”“It is my sole intention to bed the most beautiful Changeling that I have ever set my eyes upon, and give her as much love as possible in the process.”“I see why you’ve come to me then,” you admit, already beginning to imagine the form, “There’s not much likelihood that Metamora would be inclined, given her mood of late.”“Metamora?” Celestia asked in surprise, interrupting your concentration, “She is definitely beautiful and will no doubt become a skilled ruler, but she has not the cutting edge of your wit nor the skills honed over years on the throne.”“I’m not beautiful,” you disagree, “I’m a wretched creature, as disgusting outside as I ever was in.”“Not too long ago, I would have agreed with you,” Celestia capitulated, stepping to your side and looking at you with an admiration you could feel.“What changed?”“Context,” she whispered breathily in your ear, “I used to see you as a monster because I didn’t understand you. I used to interpret Changelings as nothing more than weapons of flesh and blood, because that’s all I could conceptualize. But now… I can see past that ancient fear.”You couldn’t think to respond. Everything she said rang true, but you weren’t sure if that hurt - or if it should.“Your horn for example,” Celestia continued, her breath hot against that selfsame organ, “In my darkest nightmares I never feared its magic, only the sharp, jagged edge. Now I’ve seen… I’ve felt the power you conceal inside that obsidian spire.”Oh hive, was she really… Certainly she couldn’t know the effect a simple kiss would have.“Your chitin was always a shield, a covering for the weakness I knew filled you,” she again explained, nipping her way down your neck, “but now it’s a container, a chalice full to overflowing of strength, love, beauty.”You weren’t sure why you were tearing up. Was it knowing what you had been, or hearing what you’d become?“Your wings, I imagined them a coward’s tool built to escape justice and punishment, now they're a majestic part of your regal air,” she expounded, blowing gently across the sensitive membranes, “and how they buzz when you’re aroused… delicious.”You were embarrassed that your body would betray you so, but you could read where this was going. What came next happened on the bed, her bed. She swiftly joined you, rolling you onto your back with a lover’s delicate caress.“And what you conceal between your legs,” Celestia refocused, nudging your hindlegs apart, “Well that will always be a weapon of seduction. One glance enough to indenture the most resolute of ponies in blissful, eternal servitude.”If she had as much a way with actions as she did with words, you would…“C-Celestia!” you screamed, her playful tonguework on your drenched marehood the most intense feeling you had ever known.“Why did we ever wait so long?” Celestia asked, a longing sadness in her voice.“I’m sorry,” you apologized, hearing and feeling the desperation, the disappointment in her voice, “Let’s make up for lost time.”The brisk motion of her tongue was the only indication you had of her affirmation. Your vision was focused instead on the mark of the sun on her flank, almost mocking you as it concealed just out of reach the burning heat you truly wished to look upon. And you had never allowed yourself to be mocked, to be denied that which you wanted. Now was no different as you didn’t even have to think before your magic enveloped Celestia and flipped her inelegantly onto her back.“C-Chrysalis?” she asked, shuddering as she witnessed the hunger in your eyes.“Don’t worry, my princess,” you reassured, preparing to delve between her thighs, “You’re in good hooves.”You kept your word, repeating the same actions that she so valiantly performed upon you. Her squeak of surprise died as you refused to let up, giving way to a forceful exhale and finally to ragged, uneven breaths. Your senses were bombarded by perfection, her taste, her voice, her beautiful, wonderful heart. Making love to her was a drug, and you were resigned to your addiction.But just when you thought your mind was full with what you were already experiencing, you felt the heat of her tongue once more. Her touch was the final straw, the lone remaining holdout of your mind that had just lost the battle against rational thought. Now there was only biology. Only the beating of hearts, the moving of limbs, heat, pleasure, love. Love as real, as potent, as beautiful as anything you could imagine. It flooded your mind like nothing else ever could, singing away regrets, burning down hostilities, bathing you in truth, in oneness, in her.“I love you, Chrysalis,” you heard at the edge of reality, “Please, please, please let me love you.”“I-” you tried, steeling yourself against the terrifying tide of her incorruptible love. “I want to-”“It’s okay, Chrysalis,” her soothing, motherly voice came. Did you hear disappointment, or were you just imagining it?“No,” you declared, finding a foothold within yourself, “I want to.”This time it was a declaration. You felt the world around you fill with saccharine green magic, sealing away everything that wasn’t you or Celestia.“I love you, Celestia!” you screamed.This. This was love.“AAAAANON!” Lyra Heartstrings screamed at you, “Fuck Me!”Jesus fuck you just got back like literally yesterday. You did not have time for this.“Vaporize or moon banishment?” Metamora asked, first staring lasers at the minty mare before looking towards you for approval.“Easy,” Pharynx, of all creatures, said. Since when was he the voice of level-headed reason, “I’ll take care of it.”Pharynx fragmented away from your group as you continued on your way back to the inn. You stared warily over your shoulder as he followed her away from your group. The sight of Metamora and Aphelion outpacing you enough that you now had a view of their backsides was enough to refocus your attention.“What’s your name anyway?” Lyra asked you, trotting just as fast as you cared to keep pace.“I’m Pharynx,” you responded curtly, “and you are?”“Lyra Heartstrings,” she replied cheerily, “I like hands.” “What was that about back there?” you asked, “Asking my Queen’s consort to breed you like some common whorse?”“Wow, you’re a feisty ‘ling, aren’t you?” Lyra snapped back, still content to lead you… wherever she was headed.“You’re one to talk,” you laughed, “Not but two minutes ago you would have let sir Anon rut you in the street!”“Mmh, yeah,” she groaned, “Talk dirty to me…”“What are you-” you started before deciding you didn’t know what to ask, and you certainly didn’t want to know the answer.“What am I what?” she asked, “I’ve been clear about my ambitions, you’re the one following aimlessly.”“I uh,” you paused. Why were you following her? “I have to make sure you’re not going to bother them again.”“Right,” she scoffed, “You said you’d take care of me.”“That’s not-” you quickly denied, watching the cruel smirk on her muzzle just grow wider.“Oh is it not?” she laughed, waving her tail slightly more than professionally necessary, “Didn’t cross your mind that you could catch a piece of this flank?”“That would be unbecoming conduct for a Changeling of my duty.”“Ah, I’m sure you’d rather your conduct…” she smirked, “be cumming, right?”“I see what you’re doing here,” you lied, “and it’s not going to work.”“Oh?” she asked, feigning incredulity, “Whatever could I be planning?”“Don’t get coy with me,” you commanded. You liked her tenacity, but you really wish that she wasn't so convincing.“Oh, we’re here!” she declared, turning away from the road and toward a small house, “Well, Pharynx… are you going to come inside?”If she kept this up, yes. In more ways than one. You silently followed her through the door, watching as she lazily flopped onto a convenient couch in the main room of her home.“I’ll make you a deal,” she declared, “I’ll leave Anon and your Queen alone. I just want two small favors in return?”“Two? What are they?”“First, I want you to change into Anon…” she hesitated, “you… you can change into other creatures, that’s not just a rumor, right?”You did find it endearing when ponies tried to be inoffensive. For all her quirks, she seemed a nice enough mare.“Yes, we can,” you answered, “What about the second favor?”“That’s the fun part,” she grinned, “After you turn into Anon, I want you to fuck me until I pass out, then keep going until I wake up again.”“W-Why?” you asked, cursing the not-so-small part of you that didn’t immediately want to say no.“Have you seen him?” she asked, “Can you imagine what he could do with those hands?”A pair of translucent golden hands appeared in front of you as Lyra lost herself to her fantasy. They started to trace their way along her body, kneading, stroking, playing with her.“I’ve, uh…” you started to admit, “given it a thought or two.”“Then you understand why I need those hands. Come on, you give me this and I’ll leave you alone for the rest of forever and pump you full of all the love I can possibly manage.”“I’m not saying no…”“But?” she asked, reading between the lines.“If you don’t make good on your promise to pump me full of love,” you started, preying on the still gray area of Changeling popular opinion, “I’ll devour the rest.”Of course you never would. You made a promise to Metamora, to yourself, that you would only thrive on love given. But you needed to know how desparate she was.“Deal.” she finally decided. There was no hesitation in her voice.“Well then,” you started, concentrating as a green flame significantly altered your biology, “How do you want it?”“Oh fuck!” she huffed, visibly shaking as she stared at your naked, now bipedal form.“I’m afraid you’ll have to be more specific,” you demanded, still trying to pretend you knew how these hive-forsaken appendages managed to orchestrate any kind of balance. At least you perfectly matched that pretentious lilt of the smug bastard’s voice.“H-H-Hands,” she elaborated, “g-grab me and… d-don’t give me a choice.”“That sounds an awful lot like giving you a choice,” you nagged, “but I guess we have to start somewhere.”You walked the few steps remaining between you, surprising yourself with how easy it actually was to walk on two legs. She shook as you towered over her, your hands inches away from her. You did as she asked, but instead of holding her down and doing her on the couch like you were sure she imagined, you hefted her into the air entirely, once again amazed by how effortlessly the mechanics of the human frame operated.“W-Where are we going?”“You are going right here on this table,” you declared, setting her down on the higher surface, “And I am going to rut you into it until either it breaks, or you do.”She was vibrating with what you would have assumed was panic if you couldn’t read her emotions, taste her excitement. You leaned over her, bracing her against the table with one hand as the other roamed her body. You stroked along her neck, traced the rise of her chest and then the slender curve of her barrel, continued down toward her small teats and hesitating ever so slightly before finally teasing the fur around her marehood.“F-Fuck, you tease!” she groaned, trying to wiggle into your touch despite your other hand holding her firmly in place.“Oh, you’ve got to earn these hands,” you decided, flicking a thumb across the tip of her moistening slit.“Y-Yes Master!” she answered without hesitation. You felt the absurd tool that your form had gifted you starting to stir. She was definitely a talented provocateur."That’s right,” you grinned, “You belong to me, you candy-colored slut.”“F-fuck, you’re really getting into this, aren’t you?”“Oh, I’m about to be,” you teased, gently stroking your meat to attention, “are you ready?”“I thought…” she trailed off, a note of disappointment, “…hands?”“See that’s the great thing about these,” you waved your fingers. You brought one hand down to her slit and plied at the side of her glistening marehood with your thumb, “while Anon Jr. is occupied, these are free to… wander.”Between the pleasure of direct contact, the excitement of what was about to happen, and the subversion of her expectations, all Lyra could manage was a surprised whimper and a deep, tremoring shudder.You pressed slightly harder with your thumb, spreading her open just wide enough that your entry would be a breeze. Lining up the anatomical impossibility between your legs, you pressed forward, sinking slowly into her. She was tight, but you had a secret weapon. As you started to meet resistance, you grabbed each of her legs with one hand and pulled her forward onto you.“A-Anon!” she squeaked, her insides coiling around their alien invader. You drank deep of the honeyed fountain of her love, feeling her fill you with sustenance just as you filled her with each calculated thrust. You felt her legs tense every time you pulled her down onto you until finally you had sheathed yourself within her depths.“F-Fuck, t-touch me more!” she screamed, wiggling her legs as if to free them from your grasp. You obliged, leaning over her and cupping the back of her head with one hand. The other hand wandered over her chest, idly drawing shapes along her silken, minty fur. When you finally found that second hand wandering closer towards her legs, you took your time to admire her small, perky teats.“These are cute,” you declared, gently circling a nipple with your first finger. You cupped your palm against the warm mound, squeezing ever so gently as she shuddered in ecstasy. Finally, you let up for a moment, only to place that same nipple between your thumb and forefinger, pinching it just a bit, “…And so sensitive too.”“C-Come on…” she whined, “H-Hold me down and fuck me like an animal!”“Fair enough,” you decided, shifting your stance. You grabbed her sides just ahead of her flanks and squeezed. While Anon’s hands weren’t massive, they gave you more than enough leverage to secure a predatory hold on your willing prey. As you squeezed gently, you felt the power in that embrace, understood why Anon was such a monster in  the bedroom. You could do anything to her that you wanted, she was little more than a warm sleeve when you could manipulate her so easily with those spindly appendages.Picking her up seemed like a good idea, your tactic shifting from thrusting forward to hefting her up and letting gravity push her back down on you. By this time you could barely think through the haze of her cloying lust, you just needed more. You needed to breed, you needed to cum.But she beat you to it. One particularly fierce thrust found her throwing her hooves around you as she howled like a timberwolf. She panted heavily as a fresh river of steaming marecum soaked your dick and dribbled down your legs.“Oh Celestia’s Sun above! A-Anon!” she all but sang, “That was just what I needed.”“We’re not quite finished,” you quipped, roughly laying her back down on the table. You pulled out, smearing her teats and stomach with her juices as you loosely thrust outside of her, “But we can take a break if you need it.” “Come on champ,” she winked, holding her hindlegs apart with her front hooves, “A promise is a promise.”“That’s my girl,” you murmured, cramming yourself back inside her still-slick passage.You kept going and going, impressed by the human’s stamina. But eventually, even a human would succumb to the climactic culmination of such an event. With one last potent thrust, you felt yourself let go, firing everything you had into the poor mare.“Oh fuck, oh Pharynx!” Lyra screamed, wrapping her hooves around you as best she could.“Shit!” you grunted through clenched teeth, feeling yourself pulse within her. After your spurts came to an end, you slumped over her.“That was…” she quietly acknowledged, “…magic.”“Pharynx, though?” you asked, “Not Anon?”“Shit, I’m sorry…” Lyra apologized, “I know you’re in character and I… I got a little carried away.”“Of all the things you do not have to apologize for,” you started, “this one takes the cake. What stallion would be upset that you couldn’t help yourself from screaming their name during sex?”“But this was supposed to be…”“Uncomplicated?” you finished, “It still is. This wasn’t about feelings or true love or any of that crap, this was an honest rutting for no other reason. A damn good one at that.”“T-Thank you Pharynx,” Lyra sighed, her breathing slowing down and a cute weariness falling over her eyes, “I’m glad you understand. Maybe next time we don’t need a disguise… you were kinda cute yourself.”“Huh?” you asked. She was already sleeping.No disguise? Cute? …Aphelion is not gonna like hearing about that.Equestria was... weird.It wasn’t weird in the traditional sense, like everything was new, strange and fantastic—though it was also those things too, granted. But you’d read enough fantasy on earth that, within a week, you were mostly used to that part.  No, Equestria was weird in a kind of ‘just off by a bit’ sort of way, like a tilted painting, where you were sure it was askew but something felt off no matter how many times you adjusted it. Ponies held nearly the same values, family structures, and cultural norms from your world, or at least a near enough approximation. They had the same tools, goods, services, and amenities you’d expect from a friendly rural town. In nearly all respects, ponies were just like humans.Except when they weren’t.And it was in those moments where you felt like the painting wasn’t so much askew as much as it was oozing purple slime and nobody seemed to notice but you.The marketplace felt abuzz with life this morning, ponies hawking their goods, yelling over one another as the throngs of patrons meandered the dirt path. But above the murmur of the crowd, the sound of moaning and wet slaps carried over to you. It had taken only a moment to spot them.“Th-That’ll be fif, nnngh, four b-BITS, fuuh. Ooh, thank you Pokey~. H-Have a nice day, Skies!” Pokey Pierce thrust away into Carrot Top, bending the mare over her own stall and shaking the wood frame with each thrust. The customer, a blue-ish stallion with a short cut mane, nodded his thanks to Carrot Top and took his bag of vegetables. Another mare, Amethyst, came up a moment after.“What can I get ynnnnnnn...” Carrot Top did her best to say something but it came out as a gurgled groan. Moments later, her eyes rolled back and she came. Mare juice splattered across the ground and her legs shook then gave out. Pokey slowed, drawing out his movements as Carrot Top rode out her orgasm, the mare mewling and squirming under him.“I'll just leave the bits here, Carrot Top,” Amethyst said with a smile, dropping a few gold coins and moving a bag of assorted veggies to her saddlebags. Carrot Top groaned in return, lazily pushing her hips back as Pokey extracted himself. “Harvest Season?” Amethyst asked.“Harvest Season,” Pokey said with a nod. “Been a week since she was in town. Not much relief to be had miles away from anypony.”Amethyst winced. “Ooh, poor girl. Very polite of you to tend to her, Pokey.”“Oh um. Speaking of tending to…” He gestured down to his cock, still hard and glistening with Carrot Top’s marecum.“Oh, no problem. Can’t have you walking around like that. I’ll get you all cleaned up.” Amethyst leaned down and opened her mouth. “You want to cum inside or outside?”“Outside sounds nice, today. Been a while since I gave somepony a facial.”“Okay sure thing. Just say when and I’ll step back and keep my mouth closed.”You sighed and stopped licking your ice cream cone. Dammit, now you had a hardon. Like you said, Equestria was weird. This marked the third time today you saw someone having sex in the open, and it probably wouldn’t be the last. After a month in Equestria, you’d more or less gotten used to it, but that didn’t mean it felt normal. On the contrary, the more you were exposed to casual sex, the more surreal and off-putting it began to feel.It was odd… Before coming here, you would have thought it was the hottest thing in the world. But something about it didn’t click in your mind. These ponies were innocent and kind creatures. None of them saw what they did as obscene or indecent. But you did. So when they’d ask if you wanted a blowjob or if you could screw them you found you just… couldn’t. To them, it was just a friendly favor. To you, it was taking advantage of the ignorance of a friend. You just couldn’t do it.“Non?” You turned to your best friend and partner in crime, Pinkie. The two of you decided to spend your Sunday together, and Pinkie insisted on getting a sundae to celebrate. Her dish was empty and there was a smattering of vanilla ice cream across her muzzle. She tilted her head at you.“Something wrong? You not like vanilla anymore? Sometimes when I eat ice cream it’s really good at first but then suddenly there’s this one lick and I realize I don’t like that flavor as much anymore so I have to swap over to another one for a while but then I can go back and it’s delicious again. I can get you another if you like. My treat!”You reached over and ruffled her mane. “Nah it’s not that. I’m just—”Pokey let out a loud groan and ropes of sticky cum blasted onto Amethysts face.“—distracted.”Pinkie quirked an eyebrow at you, then turned to where you were looking. Her eyes slid right over the cum drunk Carrot Top and the cream coated Amethyst. “Why? What’s going on? Is there a sale or something?” she said, climbing into your lap to get a better perspective.“No, Pinkie don’t—”Before you could push her off, her plot squished down on your erection. She flinched, then lifted a hind leg and looked down at the obvious tent in your pants. “Oh, no wonder you’re distracted! Gosh Nonny, just say something next time. I’ll take care of it.”Pinkie hopped off the bench then turned, mouth open, eyes closed, and tongue hanging out like a kid waiting for a tongue compressor. Her mouth glistened with saliva as she took gentle breaths, the warm air hitting your crotch in little puffs. Your cock twitched. A part of you wanted nothing more than to slide your shaft right down her throat and push her muzzle down to the base. She’d be happy to take you too. But... this was Pinkie Pie you were talking about. Not more than a few seconds ago, you’d been talking about ice cream and making dumb jokes. Now she sat in the middle of the market square, waiting for you to shove your cock in her mouth. It was hot… really hot. But you couldn’t do that to her. She wasn’t some sex object. She was your best friend...Pinkie peeked an eye at you. “Ayon? Yoo ohay?”“Yeah, Pinks. I… just don’t think we should do this, alright?” you said, forcing a smile and giving her snout a little boop. “I’ll be fine. You don’t have to do anything.”Pinkie opened her eyes and stared at your hand, then to your crotch. “But…” She slumped and let out a sigh. “Anon?”“Yeah?”“Do you… not like me very much?”You flinched. Dammit… You were worried about this. It was only a matter of time before she started to get worried. You see, this wasn’t the first time Pinkie offered to have sex with you. Hell, it wasn’t even the first time a MARE offered to have sex with you. When you first got here, and after ponies had gotten used to you, they were curious. Mares wanted to know what your penis looked like and to see what “flavor” it was, as they called it. You’d always give an excuse like you were too busy or you just came and couldn’t for a while. And ponies accepted that usually. Even Pinkie.But Pinkie was also especially considerate of everyone’s needs. Double when it came to sex. She would offer herself the moment she thought you looked sad or had a little too much tension. The mare had offered every orifice at this point, and you shot her down each time. It didn’t take a genius to start suspecting something.“No, Pinkie, listen. I like you a lot. You’re like my best friend. It’s not—”“I mean because it’s super duper okay! If I’m not your type, I’ll just find you another mare that fits your preferences better. There’s a lot of mares, and I know I can find one for you. Ooh! how about Ms. Cake?”“No, Pank it’s—”“She’s got a really big butt. You like big butts, right Anon? I mean, I could eat a bit more and get a big butt too if that’d help.”“It’s not that. I just—”“O-Or maybe you’d go for a lithe, younger mare. Lily is really good with her mouth. You could ask her and I’m sure she could help you. I’m also really good with my mouth though and I’m right here offering though so maybe just—”You grabbed Pinkies snout and forced it shut. “Pinks, you’re doing that thing again.””Mmmfmfmmf mfm mfmf mf...”You released her snout. “What?”“I said I just wanna help, and everytime I offer, you look at me weird!” She licked her lips and looked away. “Did I do something or…? Am I just not attractive to you?”“Pinkie Pie, no. You’re just… you’re my best friend.”“That’s why I’m worried! Why don’t you ever let me help you? Or why not any of the girls? I keep seeing you get hard and you don’t even ask. We’ve all been dying to, Anon. Is there some other mare you keep saving it for instead? Can you please share? You’ve been here forever and I’ve never even tasted your cum!”You could feel the blood rushing to your face. “Pinkie, don’t just say that out loud.”She quirked her head to the side. “Say what? See, I did something weird again! Is it that I mentioned you’ve been here forever? Are you getting homesick again? I could throw you a welcome party. Just the girls of course. I know you don’t like crowds so it’ll be like a party with only close friends, just the way you like.”You gave her a stern look. “Pinkie…”“Shutting up,” she said in a singsong voice, gesturing as if to zip her mouth shut.“Pinkie, I think we need to talk. Someplace private.”--You feel squiggly right now. That was the best way you could put it. Squirmy yet giggly.You were in Anon’s house, a cup of coffee in hoof with a big dollop of whipped cream, sprinkles, powdered sugar, and caramel drizzle on top, just how you liked it. Decaf of course. Anon didn’t let you have caffeine anymore.You took a sip, smacking your lips as you enjoyed the sweet taste. It could use more sugar still, but Anon went out of his way to make it as close as he could. And he was one of your bestest friends so you always drank the whole thing just to see him smile and say ‘boy you sure do love your coffee.’ You don’t of course. You’re a milkshake kinda gal, but Anon made it, so yeah it was special to you. You loved when he made you things so that was similar to liking coffee in a way.You still remember when he first came here. Anon was lost… scared… distant. Like every new pony, you did everything to brighten his day and let him know he was welcome. Most ponies took those warm, welcome feelies and made a bunch of new friends, and sometimes that meant you didn’t see them except around town and they’d wave or say hi. Most often they’d come over and ask you to suck their cocks. And that was fine. You took pride in giving great blowjobs. And it felt really good helping ponies, even if they mostly moved on.But Anon was different. He made friends with other ponies after he adjusted, but he always came back to you. He’d do more than wave and say hi, though not in the relief kind of way. Anon would ask what you were up to, and want to know about your day. He’d laugh at your jokes and go with you when you felt like doing something silly somewhere. It’d been so long since you made an extra-special friend, that you didn’t even recognize it at first. Not until he was out of town for a few days and you fell down in the dumpers. When Anon wasn’t around, it felt like something was missing.Anon liked you for you. And that felt good in a tingly kind of way. Everypony was your friend, and you had five amazing super friends. But you liked to think of Anon as an extra-special super friend. You don’t know why. It just felt right.But that’s why it hurt when he’d pass on your help. It’d been a while since he was in Equestria, and he’d get a lot of stiffies, but not once had he let you suck his cock. You’ve been wondering what he tasted like for so long. It’s started affecting you. You’d get drippy thinking about his exotic alien humanhood, whatever it looked like, plunging deep into your throat, making you gag as he held the back of your head. He was so much bigger than you… he could probably facefuck you till he was satisfied. You wouldn’t be able to do a single thing about it… he’d just use you and dump his load down your throat… You squeezed your thighs together and shook your head. C’mon, Pinks, don’t start that now or you’ll need some relief yourself.The point was, he never once let you help, and that hurt. Everypony loved your blowjobs. Heck you’ve won the blowjob queen contest for three straight years in a row, as well as placed for best ass in Ponyville last two times. Even sucked off 100 dicks one time. You took pride in being a good cocksucker. That was part of being a good friend.But Anon was different. You just had no idea how different. Until he told you today, that is.“So… humans don’t fuck at all? Then what’s your penis for?”He shook his head. “No no, we have sex. What I said was, we don’t do it… casually.”You stared at him. “What do you mean casually? Like do you learn their names first? We know each other's names so we should be good to go. Or… or does every human have to dress up? Is that why you’re always wearing clothes? I have my old gala dress I could put on.”He groaned and pinched the bridge of his nose.“I’m sorry, Anon. I’m trying really hard to understand.””I know you are, Pinkie. I’m not explaining it well. We just… besides a few exceptions, humans only mate with one other partner. Intimacy is really serious and you only share that with the person you marry.”“But…” you said, then slumped back in your chair.That sounds horrible. Like really horrible. You can’t imagine what it’s like back in Anon’s world. Nobody can be nice to one another? You get to pick one person who’s allowed to be nice to you and that’s it? And you don’t get relief if you need it? Everyone ignores you? That’s… that’s just awful. You slumped in your chair, mind reeling at the thought.“Does this mean that…” you swallowed, sparing a quick glance at Anon. “That you don’t want me to be nice to you anymore? Are we not supposed to be friends unless we get married?”He laughed, snorting a bit of coffee out of his nose. “No. Not at all Pinkie,” he said, reaching across the table and tussling your mane. You giggled. You loved it when he did that.“It just means I’m going to need some time to adjust is all. I’m just not comfortable with it right now. Casual sex just isn’t something from my world, or at least it doesn’t work the way it does here. At best we have to buy a bunch of drinks first and then MAYBE you can get someone to sleep with you.”You grimaced. All that for a sleepover? Jeez louise. Humans are weird. Still, you’d love to have a sleepover with Anon. You make a mental note to buy a bunch of apple juice to give him later.“So what happens if you need some relief and you’re not with your somepony? Like what if you’re at work or they’re busy?”“Nothing. You just ignore it till later.”You scrunched. “Oh okay… that doesn’t sound very fun.”Or possible. It’d be so embarrassing to be walking around, winking all over the place, unable to think straight. Super messy too. Nopony could work like that, except maybe Chastity’s Sisters.“What if you don’t have a special somepony?”He shrugged. “Well, you just take care of it on your own I guess.”Your ears perked up at that. That didn’t sound good. I mean, if you didn’t know any better, that sounded like the M word. You frowned, staring into your drink. He wouldn’t do that… would he? I mean he’s obviously been dumping his cum in SOMEPONY, right? ...right?“Non?” you said. “When you say you take care of it on your own, you don’t mean you mas—”A bright, tingly feeling surged in your flanks and you jerked in your seat. Your cutie marks pulsed, giving off a shimmering sound each time.“Now? Awwwww, fluff. Sorry Nonny, we got a friendship problem.”He stood up, finishing off his coffee and setting it down by the sink. “It’s okay Pinkie. We can catch up when you’re done. Where you headed this time?”“I won’t know till I get to Twileys,” you said, heading to the door already. “I’ll get you a souvenir though! I promise! Oh and, Non?””Yeah?”“I know you said you’re not ready, but when you are, can you come get me? My blowjobs are super good and I want to show you what I can do.”He laughed. “Sure Pank. You can be my first blowjob.”“YES! Okayseeyalaterbye!”You are the pankest of poes still, and you are absolutely walking on sunshine. Sorta. The sunshine is touching the ground and you’re walking on that so ya know. But anyways, Anon promised to let you suck his dick someday, so you’re happy with that. You’re gonna give him the wettest, warmest, most bestest best-friend blowjob ever! Gonna slurp dat cum down like warm cup of—WAIT.You freeze midstep. You didn’t finish your coffee that Anon made especially for you. You ALWAYS finish that. A quick pinkie dash and you were back at Anon’s house. “HiyahNon,” you said, flying in the door. “Just gotta finish your yummy coffee cream and…”He wasn’t in the kitchen anymore. Oh… darn. You secretly wanted to say hi again. Oh well. You zip over to the table and down your drink. Yep, still needs more sugar. Just as you turned to leave again, something caught your ear and you stopped. That sounded like a moan, you thought. Like not a hurty moan but like one of those good moans. It came again, and you turned toward the staircase by the foyer.“Anon?” you said, slowly inching your way up the stairs. “Did you find someone to help you?” You frowned. “I’m-I’m not mad, I promise. If you want me to leave, that’s okay. I just want to help too.”He didn’t answer.  Anon didn’t have as good hearing as ponies, or a good sense of smell. He didn’t really know when you got wet or when anypony needed some help, but you did. You could smell the musk of a hard cock a mile away. And Anon was… whoa nellie. You don’t think you’ve ever smelled it this strong. Odd thing was, you couldn’t smell a mare. You paused midstep. What if Anon was into stallions? Nah, you’ve caught him staring at your butt too much. And Twilight’s butt. And Rarity’s butt. And Cheerilee’s butt. He really liked butts.You kept going, the sounds of pleasure getting louder and louder, until eventually you came to his bedroom door. Maybe Anon just needed a little bit of privacy and realized sex was no big deal, you thought. But at the back of your mind, you started to get scared.‘Well… you just take care of it on your own I guess,’ he’d said.A sickening feeling settled in your gut. Please no please no please no… You slowly pushed the door with your snout. It didn’t creak, didn’t make a sound. All you could hear was Anon, sucking a breath in through his clenched teeth as a sliver opened up between the door and its frame. Your breath caught as he came.--“So, who’s cum is this again, Twilight?”Starlight poked her head up from underneath the map table, looking up between your legs. You could feel a bit of cum drip out of your marehood and onto the throne. Starlight cringed. She, as everyone had found out by now, really had an issue with swallowing. Normally that wasn't such a big deal. Most stallions weren't particularly concerned where their seed ended up after the fact. Usually they let the mare choose, but Starlight had on more than one occasion made a bit of a scene and there had been some hurt feelings with Sunburst. So, she asked you for help. While her oral skills with marehoods were wonderful, and you were glad to have her in the castle because of it, as her friendship teacher it was important she learned to eat cum too. It would help her friendships with stallions a lot if she could learn to enjoy it. But Starlight was a long way from guzzling cum, that's for sure. You made a list of baby steps to get her used to the idea, and getting used to the taste was today’s lesson.“Thunderlane,” you replied, stroking her mane to calm her down. “He’s quite the virile stallion. There’s a lot, but I know you’ll do well.”Starlight shivered.“Come on, Starlight. It’s not that bad. It’s in me so at least you’re still tasting a mare. And what if Sunburst needs relief? Don’t you want to be a good friend to him?”She opened her mouth to speak but hesitated. “I… I do want to be a good friend to him. Okay, I’ll try.”Starlight shut her eyes, stuck her tongue out, and slowly leaned forward. You lay back and sighed as Starlight’s tongue trailed up your slit, dragging a glob of cum along the way until she reached the top. She pulled back, cum on her tongue and looked up at you with a worried, questioning expression.“Okay good. Don’t swallow just yet,” you said, leaning over and looking at your list. “I had time to refer to Tsun Tzu’s Art of Whore beforehand, so if you follow my instructions, we’ll have optimal results in no time.”Starlight rolled her eyes.“So first, you need to get used to the taste and texture. Move it around in your mouth. Gargle and blow some bubbles. Anything you can think of to play around and get used to it.”Starlight sighed, but obeyed, taking the cum into her mouth and opening so you could make sure she hadn’t cheated. The mare dutifully played with the cum, swishing it back and forth with her tongue, letting it drip down before slurping it up again. Granted she shuddered at that but Starlight was doing well. After rolling it along her tongue a few more times, she opened her mouth and looked at you pleadingly. You made her wait for just a few seconds, then nodded and let her swallow.“See? Was that so bad?”“It,” she started, “It was different, I guess. Not bad. I could taste you too so it was kinda nice.”You gently lay a hoof on her head. “You want to keep going? I won’t force you if you want to stop here for today.”Glimmer looked at your nethers, grimacing as another thick glob rolled out of you. “No, I want to do this. I want to be able to show Sunburst.”“Alright,” you said, leaning back and spreading your hind legs. “Whenever you’re ready.”Starlight took a few deep breaths, focusing on your marehood with a serious look before diving back in. This time she pushed her tongue into your sex. The thick spunk enveloped her tongue and she let out a whine.“Shhh,” you said, petting her mane. “You’re alright.”“Ish sho gooby,” she said, but continued to massage your walls with her tongue. “Why duh Funderwane aft to cum sho musch.”“Just focus on me, Star. You’ve done this a million times. You’re just eating out a mare.”Starlight looked up to you, inner eyebrows turned up, then nodded and returned to pleasuring you. No point in focusing on the bad, after all. This would be an important friendship lesson for Starlight moving forward. Learning to drink a stallion’s cum was part of being a good friend.As time went on, you began to relax, and a tingly sensation started to form in your core. Starlights technique had started to take its toll on you and she’d collected, played with, and swallowed most of the cum in the shallow parts of your vagina. There was still a ton deeper in you, but if you came, you’d be too sensitive to take any more tonguing for a while. You tapped Starlight’s shoulder, signaling for her to stop. Unfortunately, she took that as ‘I’m about to cum, please go for the finish’ and sped up. You yelped, feeling her expert tongue thrash across your mound. “Aah! No, Star. Not so faaah—!”Your mind suddenly went blank as she lashed across your clit, battering away at it with her tongue. It took all of your concentration to not cum, but try as you might, you couldn’t help but buck as your inner muscles clamped down, forcing a blast of cum straight into starlight’s open mouth, as well as heaping portion across her face and mane. Starlight’s eyes shot wide and she jerked back. She coughed and gagged, globs of cum ejecting from her mouth and onto the floor.“Twiiii!” she said, her voice muffled from cum but sounding clearly panicked all the same. Starlight sniffed, ears back and trembling. “Too mush. Helph.”“It’s okay, it’s okay. Come here, you don’t have to swallow.”You moved in quickly, taking her face in your hooves and connecting her mouth with yours. Your tongue darted out, scooping as much cum as you could with each swipe. Starlight’s eyes drifted shut and she relaxed, letting you take the cum from her. There indeed was a lot, and it took you quite a few cycles of sucking and swallowing to get it where her mouth was merely creamy and not filled to the brim. As you sucked the last bit of cum and pulled away, she let out a long breath.“Thanks, Twilight. S-Sorry…”You gulped down the last of the jizz quickly. It made you sad not to savor it, but there would be a chance for that some other day.“No, it’s not your fault, Star. You weren’t ready for that much. I understand.” With a flash of magic, the rest of the cum in your groin was gone, teleported into a wastebasket in a different room. You pulled Starlight into a hug, running a hoof in circles across her back. She pushed her muzzle into your shoulder.“Hey, you did great today.”“...thanks, Twilight.”--After Starlight had calmed down some more, and you had time to lick the cum from her mane, you navigated to one of the castle dens and claimed a spot on some cushions. The aforementioned mare had grabbed a juice box to clear the taste from her mouth and lay with her head on your flank, slurping away with a content expression. Looking back, you never would’ve guessed you'd be here—in a massive castle, living as an alicorn princess—teaching mares to eat cum. But as you watched Starlight and remembered how well she did today, you felt a swell of pride. Some day she’d be taking a load like a champ, and you’d be right there with her. For now though, it was time to relax. Well, half relax. There was paperwork to do, documents to go over.Most of it went by without a hiccup, though there was one interesting document. A few mares sent a petition to add some virility potions to the water supply. Specifically they wanted greater cum production in males. You quirked a brow at that. Stallions already came often, and in quite large quantities really.  Any more and mares wouldn’t be able to hold it all… Probably would get really messy. Could be interesting, you thought, and penciled in a meeting with Zecora and Mayor Mare.  As soon as your magic left the quill, a bright, tingly feeling flowed through your cutie marks.Starlight lifted her head up and stared down at your flank.  The two of you exchanged a look, then with a quick flare of magic, teleported into the cutie map room. The map was alive and glowing, shimmering currents of magic flowing across its surface. Eventually the currents circled ponyville and started to form the cutie marks. First came yours, forming clearly above the town. Then a trio of diamonds, followed by a set of balloons came together and hovered near the town hall.You tilted your head. “Huh… That’s the first time I’ve seen three for a problem.”“Is it serious?”You glanced back at the map. It did need three of you…“Well, we won’t know until we find it,” you said, shaking your head. “Last time it sent more than two, it was for your village.”Starlight winced and looked down. “Well at least it’s not as bad as me.”“Hey, come on,” you said, tilting her chin up. “Everypony made it through alright in the end. We’ll make it through this time too. I’m sure it’s nothing to get upset about.”“TWIIIIILIIIIIGHT!””Pinkie?” you said, turning to the mare as she sprinted into the room, tears in her eyes. “What’s going on? Are you okay?”“It’s Anon! He’s—H-He’s…” she said, barely able to speak through her fit.“What? Pinkie, what are you talking about? What happened with Anon?””He’s… He’s... !”“Trapped in the Everfree? Stuck in a well? Kidnapped by an ancient evil!?”“He’s a masturbatoooooooor!” Pinkie collapsed, letting out a wail that echoed through the room.You, in contrast, stood frozen in place. Anon, one of the sweetest stallions in town, was a masturbator? Oh Celestia… You looked over to the cutie map.“Well… at least we know what the friendship problem is.”--When Starlight came to your house and asked you to meet the girls at the castle, you expected a party. Not a big one, mind you. Just some get together to see Pinkie and her mission partner off. It was the sort of thing she would do, especially if it was a long trip. This, was not a party.You sat in the cutie map room, facing the girls who all looked varying shades of disappointed, angry, or sad. They’d given you a little chair to join their table, though since their stonework thrones didn’t move, that meant your seat had been scrunched between Dash and Pinkie Pie. The former of which looked rather pissed while Pinkie refused to look you in the eye. It reminded you of being called to the principal's office in a strange way, like you’d just burned down a classroom or two and your parents and the school committee didn’t know where to start with you exactly. Which was an odd comparison the more you thought about it, despite it feeling entirely accurate. For one, it’d been years since you were in school, and secondly, you’d only burned down a small area behind the bins that one time. And these were colorful little ponies, not your disappointed parents.But it felt like that.“Uh… so…” you started and gave a nod to the activated map. “I take it I’m not helping on the friendship problem?” None of them spoke. The only sound in the room was the shimmering of the cutie map. It felt like you could cut the tension in the room with a knife, and like all times when you felt awkward, you started to ramble like an idiot.“I mean I don’t have a cutie mark so I thought surely the map didn’t call me with a question mark, right? So...” You cleared your throat. “Aren’t three of you supposed to be looking for a friendship problem or something?”Dash, who had been quietly brooding to your left, suddenly shot into the air. “You ARE the friendship problem, dingus!” “Dash, please! This isn’t supposed to be confrontational,” Twilight said.“Come on, Twilight! Can you believe him? All of us wanted a shot at that but it was always ‘just did it’ or ‘I’m a big dumb busy human. I don’t have time right now.’ What a bunch of crap!”“Dash,” Twilight said, making a placating gesture with her hooves. “I know you’re angry but we’re here to work through this together, okay?”“I’m with Dash on this one,” Applejack said, scowling. “T’aint right. We’ve always been there for Anon and he done gone lied to everyone. I can’t believe it. You and Applebloom were so cute together… Dammit, Anon, I was gonna have you take care of Applebloom when Mac and I went to visit our Aunt and Uncle Orange, but now I don’t know if I can trust you around her. She’s well into her teen years and needs a guiding hoof from a male outside the family.”You jerked in your seat. “Whoa, what? AJ, I wouldn’t do anything to Applebloom.”Applejack snorted. “See? Unbelievable.”“...what?”Twilight cleared her throat and let out a nervous laugh. “Anonymous, what I think everyone is trying to say is that we care about you. You’ve done so much for us, and we’re worried.”“That’s right, Darling,” Rarity said, giving you a meaningful look. “We’re here to help you move past this.”You blinked. None of this was making any sense. What were they talking about? Did you do something weird? Everything was fine an hour ago when you talked to Pinkie. Your gaze drifted over to her. She sat curled into a ball, facing away from you with her chin on the armrest. Twilight glanced over to Pinkie then tapped her hooves together. “Pinkie? Do you have anything to say to Anon?” Pinkie didn’t move to look at you, instead curling her tail around her legs. You thought you heard a sniffle. “Okay, maybe later. Fluttershy, would you like to say something to Anon?”Fluttershy jolted in her seat, clearly not expecting to be called on. She turned to look at you with one eye behind her mane, looking for all the world like you’d reached out and struck her across the face. “Um, y-you shouldn’t do that thing. Please,” she said, rocking in her seat and glancing at the table periodically. “It’s not very nice. I know talking to ponies is sometimes a bit scary but everypony needs a helping hoof now and again. If you want, you don’t even have to talk. I'll just bend over.”... just bend over? Wait a minute. You gave Twilight a look. “Twi… what is this about?”She gave you a gentle smile. “We just want you to know that there’s a way to get help. Everypony here is rooting for your recovery and we’ll help you get there.”Your recovery? Wait a minute. The strange looks, the weird atmosphere, the anger and supportive one liners… This wasn’t like the principal's office. This was...“Oh my God…” You put your head in your hands“It’s okay, Anon. We just found out and it hit us hard too, but we can help you through this. We’re prepared to—”“This is an intervention?!” you said, getting to your feet and leaning over the table. “What for? There has to be some mistake.”“N-Now, Anon, I know this all feels confrontational,” Twilight said, putting a hoof up. “But this is all coming from a place of love. There’s no need to try and hide it.”“Hide WHAT? I don’t do drugs. And your liquor is too weak for me to be an alcoholic.”“No, that’s not it! Please just wait a second.” Twi took out some note cards, flipping through them with her magic. “The anger and controlled venting part comes after the outpouring of love and support. We need to go back a step.”“No, listen to me. None of this makes sense. Why did you decide to give me an intervention? I haven’t done any—”“For Celestia’s sake, Anon.” Dash said, throwing her hooves in the air. “You wax the kielbasa, beat around the bush, dishonorable discharge, fondle the fig, squeeze the cream, white water wristing, the M word!”“... what the fuck are you talking about, Rainbow?”“We know you masturbate!” she yelled.Someone gasped and the room fell silent. Only the shimmering of the map could be heard as Rainbow panted, hovering in the air for a time before shakily sinking back to her seat.“A-Anon I… I just...” Dash started, then sighed. “I thought we were friends.”You stood stock still, taking in the scene around you. Everypony looked horrified at Rainbow’s outburst though none of them said anything. Not one of them looked you in the eye. All the anger had evaporated, and the only thing left felt like… embarrassment. Embarrassment directed towards you.“I masturbate? That’s what this is about?” you asked. The girls nodded. “I don’t understand. Why is that an issue?”Dash ruffled her wings. “Are you kidding me? It’s like we’re not good enough for you,” she said, her voice sounding shaky. “I mean, sure, it’s c-crazy right. All those times I really wanted to do it with you, a-and I thought I just had bad timing. You know, just some other mare had got to you first, b-but…”  She turned, glaring at you.  “You just didn’t want to do it with me at all!”Moisture had begun welling up in her eyes. A small tear rolled down her cheek, and it dripped down onto her chest. Dash looked down, as if startled by it, then brought a hoof to her face and wiped her cheek. She moved her hoof in front of her face, stared at the moisture, then gritted her teeth.“S-Screw this,” she said, then bolted out of the room.“No, Dash, wait! You don’t understand. It’s not…!” you said, reaching after her.But she was already gone. You sat there, a cold feeling spreading through you.“I didn’t mean it. I didn’t…”“It hurts, Anon.”You spun to face Pinkie, who up till now hadn’t said a word. At some point her poofy mane had sunk, deflating into a straight, duller version. Her bright blue eyes didn’t betray any emotion. She didn’t look up at you, didn’t move a muscle. Pinkie Pie just sat there, quietly. And it was one of the eeriest things you’ve ever seen. All that life—all that bouncy, uncontainable energy—it was all gone. She stared lifelessly at the map, face a blank slate. It was like she wasn’t even Pinkie Pie anymore. You don’t know how long you stared at her for. The rest of the girls seemed as unsettled and captivated as you, but eventually she spoke again. “I’d like to be alone, if that’s okay with everyone,” she said flatly, and hopped off her chair. She trudged out of the room, following after Dash.The room fell quiet once again. You sat back in your chair, mind reeling. How did this happen? How did they even find out anyways? Try to retrace your steps. It had to be just this morning, when you talked with Pinkie and she ran off. You’d hinted at it and she’d gotten concerned, but you brushed it off as a culture difference. She must have gotten worried and came back. That’s when she saw or heard you masturbate earlier.You never really thought anything of it until now. It was the only way you could focus since you were always being treated to voyeur porn, but still, how did you not see this coming? If a pony offered to have sex with you, and you chose to masturbate instead, of course they’d feel hurt. It was like saying you’d rather just use your hand. Pinkie wasn’t even angry like Dash or Applejack. She didn’t try to lecture you. She knew your world was different. Pinkie tried so hard to understand. At some level surely she knew it was a human thing. But the act still spoke volumes. The act still hurt.Not once did you try to understand her world, or how she’d feel about this. She’s… all shut down like that because of you. You were too selfish to get over your aversions… She offered to help you all the time. She just wanted to make you feel better. What is wrong with you? And what do you do now…?“Dear, is everything alright?” Rarity said.You blinked, thoughts suddenly jolted back to the present. Right, the intervention. “Yeah I just… was thinking, I guess. I’m sorry I didn’t realize sooner. Masturbation here is… it’s different. I didn’t know.”The four remaining girls exchanged looks. Rarity shifted in her seat. “Is it not taboo in your world, dear?”“It’s still sorta taboo, just not to the same degree. People know about it, and we accept that it’s happening, but we don’t talk about it.”“Oh my… well that sounds rather different. But if it’s part of your culture, I suppose we could make some sort of arrangement with Celestia perhaps?” Rarity gave Twilight a questioning glance.Before Twilight could answer, you spoke up. “No, it isn’t right. Everyone’s tried to be courteous and understanding to me, but I haven’t extended the same courtesy to you guys. I’m the one that needs to change. We have a saying back home; When in Rome, do as the romans do. Things are really different in my world, yes, but I’m in Equestria now. I need to at least try and adapt, especially if I’m hurting my friends. I never intended to do that to any of you. I’m sorry.”The scowl AJ had been wearing up till now melted away. “Well I’ll be. He means it, Twi. He’s well and truly sorry.”You nodded. “I’m probably not ready to just have sex with whoever but yeah, I’m willing to try if you guys are willing to help. It’s just a big adjustment for me so it will take some time.”Twilight bounced in her seat, clapping her hooves together. “Yay, intervention successful. Now to the rehabilitation. Rarity?”“Thank you, dear,” Rarity said with a nod. “Anon, we discussed earlier that Twilight, Pinkie, and I would spearhead your rehabilitation since the map chose us. We’ll be there, taking turns, and making sure you have support at all times, but the rest of the girls have expressed the desire to help, so they may be involved too. Now, as part of your rehab, we’ll be sleeping next to you to reduce temptation, as well as give you a readily available outlet at night. But if we think you’re having trouble or if you start to relapse, we’ll have to use magic. Twilight has taken the time to learn Charity’s Restrictor spells which will stop you from touching your penis, but we’d rather not have to go to those lengths.”You laughed. God, it was like being under house arrest. “You going to watch me go to the bathroom too?”Rarity waved a hoof at you. “Of course not, dear”“Hah, good.”“We’ll just take your cock out and check that you can get an erection after.”You paused for a good few seconds, mind coming to grips with what you just heard. And from such a ladylike mare of all people too. “Well good. And here I was worried about privacy,” you said with a roll of your eyes.“Oh, pish posh, it’s nothing any of us haven’t seen before. Now then,” Rarity said, getting up from her seat and stretching. “If you’re ready, we can get started. The sooner the better, I always say.”  The rest of the girls followed her example and got up from their chairs. “Come along, dear. We have lots to do today,” Rarity said, trotting past you and pulling your hand with her magic.“Whoa hey, where are we going?”“Why, outside of course. First things first, you need to learn some proper manners.”The rest of the girls waved and yelled their ‘good lucks’ as Rarity pulled you into town. Well, today was going to be interesting, you thought. But if you could help Pinkie, you’d do whatever it takes.“Alright, some hard ones now. What if a mare is pregnant and flagging her tail?”“Ask if she needs help and which hole she prefers.”Rarity arched an eyebrow.“And be gentle?”“Excellent. Who is a colt or fillys first partner?”“Usually the parent of the opposite sex, but in single parent homes, a surrogate partner can be chosen.”“When is it NOT appropriate to mount a mare or ask for relief?”You paused. That was a hard one actually...The sounds of fillies and colts at play filled the air as you and Rarity made your way into the park, going over everything you learned in the last three days. Rarity had worked hard to catch you up on the norms here, and the more you worked with her, the more it made sense that she’d be chosen for this. She had a gift for etiquette and took her partners pleasure very seriously. As she put it, it didn’t do any good to just get them off as soon as you could. It was important to take your time, use proper technique, and let them have a satisfying release. Skill and finesse were key to providing a respectable experience.Though her teaching wasn’t without mishaps. On the first day, she took you around town, looking for volunteers to help you get better at pleasing a partner.  After all, reluctance in Ponyville usually meant lack of skill or knowledge, and she sought to correct that first. Her guess was technically correct. While you’ve at least had some experience with the opposite sex, you really haven’t a clue on how to please a mare. That, in turn, factored into your discomfort, but it was only one piece of the puzzle.After showing you proper tongue technique on a mare out with her family, Rarity paused, noticing your hesitation to practice on the mare’s daughter. So she tried starting smaller, then smaller again, until finally she saw reluctance with even simplest deeds. Little Anon showed plenty of enthusiasm, of course, but it was clear there was a lot of work to do.“Well, first things first,” she’d said, sighing and giving your tent a dejected look. “We need to get you comfortable with the idea.”And so began the slow process of exposure training and etiquette practice. Like you mentioned earlier, Rarity had been the perfect tutor for etiquette. She never used vulgar words or sought to overindulge in sex. There were no gangbangs, no rough fucking, no dirty talk. She approached sex like she approached clothing. Everything was careful and measured, but designed for maximum effect. And despite the subject matter, there was a kind of inevitable classiness that she exuded with it. It didn’t matter if she talked about the weather or where you could cum in public. She was poised and ladylike with every word. And that had an effect on you. You found yourself thinking of sex as less raunchy and slutty, and more about manners and self care. Sex drive was just something to be managed, and it represented an opportunity for bonding. That didn’t mean you suddenly felt ready to jump in, but you were “getting it” in a way. Everything was becoming easier.Sleeping next to Rarity, however, was still something you had to get used to. She’d shift and squirm, her plot cheeks pressing around your cock whenever she felt you get hard. Both of you had gotten a bit pent up over your time together, but Rarity had refused to get rutted while she was helping you. She’d joke that she couldn’t let you out of her sight lest you be tempted, but you knew she was trying to lead by example. Availability was very important, and even mares needed time to recover. Thus, since she wanted to be available whenever you felt ready, she’d gone three days, same as you, without getting off. You could tell it was hard for her. She’d get hazy looks a few times a day, and stare at your crotch, or rub against you when you walked. But she stubbornly held to it, despite you urging her to relieve herself to a stallion. Despite one instance of aggressive skinship, she’d managed fine anyways.That brought you to today. What you were about to do had your stomach in knots. Today marked a sports meet for the junior mares volleyball teams, and it had drawn a lot more ponies than usual. A sandy court lay toward the north side, surrounded by parents in lawn chairs, all chatting away amicably and wandering the grounds before the game started. Squirmy siblings ran about freely, away from their parents, enjoying the nearby hoofball setups or playing freeform games in the grass.You felt a smile form on your face as you walked, picnic supplies in hand. Days like these were one in a million back on earth—sun shining, a cool breeze, and a lively town with lots of friends. There were no fences, no stupid rules about where you could setup or what you could do. Just be nice.  It was a golden rule of Ponyville, and it worked. A few ponies you’d talked to on occasion waved, and you returned the greeting as you walked. It was nice living here, you thought. Almost made you forget how pornographic things could get at a moments notice.“Here seems fine, darling,” Rarity said, stopping in patch of grass a little ways from the game. “Would you like your hands on lesson before or after lunch?”You lay out the blanket and set the picnic basket down, grimacing to yourself. Rarity had made a deal with you as part of your rehabilitation. She gave you the right to say no at any time, and you didn’t have to do any acts for the first few days, but after she’d gone over all the etiquette lessons, you had to make a real attempt at a hands on lesson. In public. You had no clue what the lesson would include, but Rarity had promised she’d start slow. That still hadn’t stopped the butterflies in your stomach, however.“Rares, are you sure we have to do this in the park? There’s so many ponies here.””Nonsense, dear. This is perfectly normal, and today is going to show you just that,” she said, laying down belly first and patting a spot beside her. You lowered yourself down and sat cross legged to her left. “Now, you’ve discussed some of your apprehensions, so we’re going to start slow. I’m not going to MAKE you do anything, Anonymous, but I’d like you to promise me you’re going to try and make some progress today. Is that fair?”“Yeah I’ll try. I promise.” You owed it to Pinkie at least. And Rarity had poured a lot of time and effort into you, so you at least owed her an attempt.“Excellent,” she said, leaning against your leg. “So… what’s the plan?”“Well, I was thinking of letting you be in control for everything today. If you’d like me to do anything, anything at all mind you, just tell me and I’ll be happy to accommodate. This is all to help you get better at manners, darling, so don’t be afraid to explore and experiment.”You nodded slowly. Seemed okay so far. If you could go at your own speed, maybe it wouldn’t feel so weird. Baby steps, Anon. Still, despite the giddy excitement bubbling up from your center, you had no clue what to do. Maybe just ask for starters...“So what would you suggest?” you said, almost afraid to ask.Rarity hummed to herself. “Well, you could always ask me to lick your phallus, dear. That’s nice and simple, don’t you think? Or maybe you could cradle your stallionhood between my thighs as we watch the game? I’m yours for the day, Anon. I’ll do whatever you like.” She watched you, giving a playful smirk when you hesitated. ”My my, you really are still shy about this, aren’t you? Alright, how about this. Just for now, explore my body however you please. Fondle me, pet me, grope me, whatever you like. Just enjoy yourself, dear. You can learn at your own pace.” She shifted her weight and reached into the picnic basket for a drink, then simply relaxed and began to pony watch. She looked the absolute picture of ladylike leisure, her pure, white fur gleaming in the sun. You on the other hand felt like a statue as you eyed her body. The pose she held emphasized her hindquarters, squishing her cheeks and pushing them up just slightly as she arched her back and rested her chin on her forehooves. Rarity had quite the flank on her already. There were a lot of nice butts in ponyville, sure, but Rarity had a wonderful, heart shaped rear that flared out from her hips, and she clearly knew it. Her tail shifted lazily back and forth, almost as if she were trying to lure you in.She watched you out of the corner of her eye, not saying anything, but something about the way she held herself seemed to say ‘play with me’. Rarity wanted you to touch her. And she wanted it to be lewd. Well...  the ball was in your court. Here goes nothing.With a deep breath, you reached out a hand pressed your fingers into her hindquarters, the flesh and fur giving way. For a moment, time seemed to stand still. And then it hit you like a jolt of electricity. Oh dear god. She was soft, fur pristine and velvety, and her ass yielded easily as your fingers sank in. You yanked your hand away, almost shocked at how erotic and exciting it felt to touch her, then turned to Rarity.For some reason, you’d expected her to scream or jump away, or maybe even flirt with you, but Rarity went on sipping her lemonade. She hadn’t even reacted. It was as if nothing had happened. You reached over to her again and ran your hand along the curve of her back. Your middle and index fingers travelled further downwards, gliding over her pillowy rear then down her leg. Still no reaction. That was the point, you guessed.Okay… Right. It’s no big deal... you thought, nodding to yourself. You moved back on the blanket, setting yourself up behind Rarity this time before diving back in, this time with two hands. The mare let out a soft coo as you toyed with her backside, but instead of making things feel awkward, it felt good. Rarity wasn’t unaware of you. She just didn’t mind anything you did to her.You squeezed, kneading her delicate ass like firm dough under your fingers. She yielded just slightly under your touch but there was a definite firmness under the surface. Definitely a fat butt, yet firm enough to hold form. An idea came to you suddenly and it made you shiver just thinking about it. You raised your hand then brought it down hard, giving her rear a firm slap. Her ass jiggled, and Rarity let out a light ‘ooh’ but it was more from surprise than pain. The mare shifted, but otherwise said nothing.That same, intoxicating feeling filled you again. You really could do whatever you wanted right now. You grabbed both cheeks, pulling them apart to expose her marehood and anus, before letting them clap back together. Nopony cared. A smile broke out across your face as you went back to playing with her rear. This… this was amazing. You began once more to play with her butt, losing yourself in the sensations of her soft fur and pliable bottom until a voice broke you out of your trance.“Hey, Non!”You flinched and looked up. It was Roseluck. The beige mare trotted over, giving you a meek wave.”It’s good to see you. I’ve never seen you at the park before. You come here often?”You felt frozen in place, hands wrapped around Rarity’s plush ass. “Uh… I…”Rarity pushed back into your hands and cleared her throat. You slowly resumed massaging her rear and haltingly answered Rose. “UH, yes, er I mean no. I don’t go to the park too much but Rarity invited me out for the day.””Oh, that’s good. I was worried you’d been spending too much time alone in your home. I feel like I hardly see you. It’s important to get some sunshine now and again, big guy. Oh, and Rarity, good to see you too.”“The feeling is mutual, Rose darling. How are your dahlias doing?”“Pretty good! Their color is coming in wonderfully. I think they’ll be ready for sale soon. You working on any new designs lately?”“Well now that you mention it…”The two mares carried on, making small talk amongst each other while you sat there, hands still massaging Rarity’s bare ass. This was so surreal, you thought. Yes, it was normal here, but Rose hadn’t even said anything. Was groping someone so unremarkable that it wasn’t even worth mentioning? I mean, it wasn’t like you were invisible. Rose had glanced at your hands a few times now. She just never paid it any mind. In a way, the logical part of your brain knew that should be the case. Ponies could fuck each others brains out while casually talking about their day. You saw that all the time. But being a part of it felt… exhilarating… powerful.You pulled Rarity’s cheeks apart, giving yourself another glance at her nethers. Her marehood twitched as you ran your thumb over it. Craving more, you began to run your thumb up and down her slit, watching as her marehood reddened and started to drip. The whole time Rarity simply talked shop with Rose, her breathing slightly changed but nothing more.”Well it was good to talk to you Rares,” Rose said. “Looks like the games starting so I gotta grab a seat and make sure my little cousin doesn’t have a stiffie before he plays. It’s Clovers first game so I want to make sure it goes well.””Sounds wonderful. I’ll see you around town, dear.””Yep! Oh and, Anon?”You looked up from your fondling.”It’s really great to see you breaking out of your shell. I really thought for a long time humans didn’t relieve themselves, but I guess Rarity and the girls have it covered huh? I’m glad. You two have a good time.”You found yourself nodding as she trotted away.Rarity rolled slightly and gave you a knowing smile. ”See, not so bad was it? You seemed like you were really enjoying playing with my rear there. And if I’m not mistaken I thought I felt something stiff bump my leg a few times.”You looked down and shifted your hips away from her leg. “Oh, sorry.”Rarity scoffed. “Come now, Anonymous. It’s a wonderful compliment. Now the question is,” she said, giving you a smoldering look, “do you want me to do anything about it?”You bit your lip as you ran your hands idly along her sides and looked around the park. Nobody seemed to be paying much attention to you, but there were still a lot of ponies around. “I don’t think I’m ready for something like that yet, Rares.”“I see…” she said, unable to keep the disappointment from her voice. “If that’s what you feel comfortable with, alright then.”“But there’s something I’d like to try still, if you’re up for it.”She perked up. “Oh? And what’s that?”“Well—as long as you’re okay with it, I’d like to play with your marehood. You mind laying across my lap for a bit?”“Oh Anon, you know the answer to that,” Rarity said, moving over and laying her chest across your lap. Her nose bumped your cock in her haste, and Rarity’s gaze lingered for a moment on it before she looked up at you. “Ahem, yes well. Please enjoy yourself, and if you have any second thoughts about me joining in, don’t hesitate to ask.”“I’ll keep that in mind, Rares,” you said, and ran your hand through her mane.Rarity held a hopeful look before she let out a breath and settled down into your lap, likely not wanting to push the issue. You felt bad for denying her like that. For a mare like Rarity, that sort of etiquette was important to her. But with so many ponies around, it just wasn’t going to happen. Not for now at least. Right now, all you wanted to do was play with the pony in your lap. Besides, she deserved the attention with how much work she put into you.Without any further delay, you slipped a finger between her cheeks and pressed against her entrance. Rarity let out a mewl and pushed back against your hand. The sensation of something hot and wet hit your finger and you paused. Rarity wasn’t just turned on. She was soaked. You looked down. Her juices had already coated her thighs, and a damp spot lay on the picnic blanket. Looks like she’d been enjoying her massage much more than she let on. You gave her a questioning look and she folded her ears back."Oh sorry, darling. I didn't mean to get pushy. It's just that all this fondling after going so long without relief has gotten me a bit… heated, as it where. Now there’s no pressure of course,” she said, laying a hoof on your thigh reassuringly. "Today is for you, so if I don’t get to cum, then I don’t get to cum. I can stand another day if it means helping you out. Don’t feel that you have to go out of your way on my account, dear.”“Rarity, I’d feel bad if I teased you this whole time and never let you get off. It wouldn’t be too much trouble to let you cum after everything today. Besides, I kinda want to see it.”“Really?” she said, almost breathlessly, a blush forming on her cheeks. “I… well that’s wonderful, Anon. That’s very gen—” You pushed your finger into her. “—gentlem-ahhhhh! Very gentlemanly of you. Hoo, dear, I’m sorry to let my voice out like that.”“No no, don’t worry about it,” you said, moving your fingers around in slow circles. “It’s actually kinda hot.”“Oh w-well, as long as you don’t mind, dear.”You gave her a reassuring smile, watching as her breathing deepened and her tail lifted to the side. She wasn’t just ready for this. She was craving it. You wanted more too. Seeing her react to your touch like that lit something inside of you. Maybe it was the constant exposure to sex, or maybe it was three days without cumming, but you wanted to tease and explore every inch of her sex and give this mare all the attention she deserved.You twisted your finger around, exploring the different textures and ridges inside her. It was soft, velvety even, as well as enjoyably warm. Rarity was absolutely gushing too, which made each push into her glide despite her clenching. Even with just your finger, her vagina felt pleasant. It would be a whole other feeling to have your dick inside her. Your cock jumped at that, nearly tapping her on the snout, but you ignored it. Maybe there’d be a chance later, away from all the families.You pulled out your pointer and lined a second finger up at her entrance. Rarity shivered, clearly eager for more. You wouldn’t deny her. Your fingers parted her lips and moved in agonizingly slow as you savored the feeling of her tunnel. Rarity tensed under you, her breath coming out in a squeaky, almost pathetic whine. She wanted more. A lot more. That reminded you… There was something you read back on earth that you always wanted to try. You curled your digits downwards, rubbing along the delicate walls of her vagina. There was a spot that should be around here, you thought. It was in an anatomy book back on earth, and you’d always been curious. Your finger hit some tissue, firmer than the rest, and Rarity jerked and let out a cry. A bit of fluid squirting out of her nethers as she clenched down hard on your hand. Oh. There it is.“Oh my word! A-Anon~” Rarity gripped your jeans tightly, clenching her eyes shut. ”What did you just do?”“I think I found your g-spot.”“My what spot?”You dragged a finger along her walls again in a kind of upside down ‘come hither gesture’. The mare beneath you convulsed, legs shaking as more sparks of pleasure flowed through her.“That.”“Ooooh,” she moaned, squirming in your lap. “C-Celestia’s sun, that’s… my word.”“Is it too much?”She glanced up, a hurt expression in her eyes. “No, of course not. I’m a big mare, Anon. This is far from the roughest treatment I’ve taken, but perhaps… be a bit gentle with that spot? Please?”You nodded, gently running a hand over her head. “Alright. Tell me if you want to stop or need a break at any time.”“Thank you, darling,” she said, and lay her head back in your lap. “You’re doing wonderful by the way.” You smiled. It felt good to hear that. You decided it was time to put her teaching to work and began finding a rhythm, easing your fingers in and out of her. Her breathing slowed and she returned to the state she’d been in for her plot fondling—tail flagging, a faint pink glow on her cheeks but otherwise able to lay still. She closed her eyes and relaxed into you. There we go, you thought. Nice and easy. You kept her like that for a while, letting her relax and watch the game. It was just like she taught you. Gentle and measured. Let them enjoy it. Don’t just get them off. Use technique and give them a real release. Her walls gripped you with every stroke, legs twitching, breathing becoming haggard as she suppressed little gasps. You sped up in little bursts, watching as she’d arch her back and let out her voice, bit by bit, then ease her back down. Your fingers dropped to an agonizing pace then you’d sped up again, alternating between rotating your fingers in circles or dragging them along her walls. Her g-spot received a little attention too, and each time your fingers glided over it, she’d let out a choked gasp and grip your jeans tightly. You began to mix in little nudges on her g-spot with some finger pumping, pushing her limits more and more. Rarity moaned in earnest now, holding your legs with a vice grip.Some ponies had started to take notice, giving the two of you curious glances or wandering closer to get a better look. A few clearly looked envious. Without fingers, ponies couldn’t replicate the treatment Rarity was getting. This was something only you could provide here.Rarity’s breathing picked up suddenly and her body began to twitch as you circled your thumb teasingly around her clit. You sped up, pumping your fingers hard then grazed her button. ”Ah, no wait!” she cried out. Her magic formed around your wrist yanking your hand away from her marehood.“Whoa, Rare, are you okay?” you said, blinking.She shivered, biting her lower lip. ”Yes dear, just give me a moment. I’m so cc-close. Whatever you do, don’t touch me.”“Wait, you were about to cum?”She clenched her eyes shut and nodded. “You have no idea how good fingers feel. They’re s-so much more dextrous. Nnnah, just thinking about it is keeping me on edge. Oh dear, okay okay, oooh.” Rarity twisted on your lap, burying her face into your legs. ”Ooh, and your scent isn’t helping. Hooo, okay. Just breath and concentrate, Rarity. In and out.” Her chest rose and fell for a moment before she slowly opened her eyes and let out a long breath. “Okay... think I’m good now.”Wow that was a hot. “I didn’t realize you didn’t want to cum, Rarity. Sorry.Rarity put a hoof to her muzzle and giggled. ”Oh no. You’ve got me dying for release, dear.”“Oh well then why’d you stop me? You looked like you were enjoying it,” you said.“Yes, I absolutely was, and it was hard to even stop you, but Anonymous…” Rarity gave you a stern look. ”I can’t abide you giving me so much attention and not getting any yourself.”“What? But Rarity… there’s a bunch of mares looking, and in my world we had laws—”She pushed a hoof to your lips. “Aht tut tut. We can take care of your needs AND keep you covered if that’s what it takes. But I’ll have no more of this. Your stallionhood has been twitching up a storm and I won’t tolerate you torturing yourself any longer. What sort of mare would I be if I let this go on?”You sighed. Probably no use arguing with her. She could be as stubborn as Applejack when it came down to things she cared about. And this mare cared a lot about sex. Besides, she just wanted to reciprocate. Considering what you’ve learned about pony culture, it would be an insult for her not to.“Alright, well… what are you even going to do? Rub me through my pants?”Rarity looked taken aback. ”Anonymous, I’m hurt. I wouldn’t do something so meager for you. That won’t feel good at all. You should know me better by now. No, I’m going to treat you to something special.”Her horn flared up in a brilliant blue, and in seconds, you felt exactly what she meant by that. A sensation unlike any other enveloped your member as your crotch glowed blue through your jeans. It was like your cock had been wrapped in warm, downy feathers, swirling around your cock. Her magic coiled around your penis clockwise, then reversed direction, then slid up and down your shaft. It was frictionless, and seemed to attack every pleasurable nerve in you at once, going deep under the skin, lighting up pleasure centers you’d never even felt before. You groaned, hands gripping the picnic blanket and bunching it up under your fingers.Rarity gave you a smug look. ”See? I wouldn’t make you settle for any less than perfection. And—Oh my.” Rarity, licked her lips. “Ooh, darling, I can feel your pre soaking into my magic. It feels wonderful. You have such a magnificent shape too. I can’t see it but I can feel every contour. You have such a wonderful stallionhood, Anon. It’s such a crime to keep it covered...”You couldn’t answer her. The magicjob had rendered you practically unable to think. Your mind had been consumed by overwhelming pleasure, but there was that small part of you that didn’t want to be outdone. Gathering what fortitude you could, you reached a hand over to her rear and shoved two fingers back inside her. She looked up at you, surprised. You peeked an eye back at her, giving her a playful smirk. “I said I’d make you come, Rares. I won’t let you turn the tables so easily.”Rarity’s mouth hung open for a moment before her expression turned into the most smoldering look you’ve ever seen. ”Mmm, Anon, you’re sure you can hold on? You look like you might hit your limit any moment now.”“I would say the same to you,” you said, shivers wracking your body. “You look like you could cum within seconds if I played with your weak spots.”“Mm, true, but I want you to say one last thing to me. Consider it your final test, and I’ll let you make me cum. What’s the most wonderful feeling you can share with a close friend?”You smiled. She hadn’t taught you this one specifically. It was a kind of in the moment question, the sort that you have to intuit. But you knew the answer. It was obvious by now. “Cumming together.”“Excellent,” she said, eyes half lidded as she leaned in to give your covered penis a lingering kiss. “Now then darling... ravish me.”“With pleasure.”Without pause, you began to piston your fingers into her, while at the same time, you felt her magic aura whip into a frenzy around your shaft. Both of you cried out, faltering in your timings before you were able to fall into a rhythm again. Ponies around the park came closer to watch, foals, couples and singles alike, but you were past caring. Some of them pleasured each other now, mothers tending to fathers and sons, daughters sating their curiosities with males and females alike, but their moans and curious comments faded to the back of your mind. All that mattered were the pleasured moans of your partner, and the heavenly feeling of her magic making your brain melt.Your hand was a blur while her aura whirled like a mad current around you. ”More, Anonymous. Make it a big one, just like I showed you,” Rarity said, her voice shaky. Both of you sped up further, voices climbing in concert as you rushed toward the edge together. “Yes, yes dear, just like that. Stir me up. Ooh, Celestia, Anon I can feel you twitching.”You dove into her over and over, alternating between attacking her g-spot and clit, using everything at your disposal to push her pleasure towards the peak. Her magic mirrored your speed, making you gasp and almost double over.“Rarity, I’m gonna…!”“Ooh, yes. Do it, Anonymous. I want to feel you cum! Oh, Celestia I’m right there. Aahh! Anonymous I can’t hold it any longer!”“Rarity, here it comes!”In a flash, your zipper shot down and your cock flipped out of your pants. Rarity dove down, her warm, wet mouth enveloping you, tongue gently lapping at the underside of your cock. Sparks shot off in your brain and you came, vision going white as you grunted. Rarity cried out in unison, her voice muffled by the cock in her mouth. Her pussy clamped down on your fingers as you felt her convulse. A splash of liquid hit your hand just as the first ropes of cum blasted into Rarity’s throat. Her moans vibrated along your member, sending you even further as you sprayed more and more against her tongue and throat. It seemed to go on forever as the two of you came, shaking and holding each other, but eventually the tide of pleasure abated and the both of you collapsed. You were faintly aware of the murmur from the crowd as a warm, happy feeling settled through your system. Rarity, exhausted as she was, got up on shaky limbs just long enough to flop over by your side, nestling into you. You could just barely make out the sound of her swallow, as she tucked your cock back into your pants and zipped you up. Neither of you spoke for a time, but eventually, you chose to break the silence.“You know, I promised my first blowjob would be from Pinkie.”Rarity cracked an eye open and gave you an affectionate nuzzle. ”I know. I made sure not to move. It was just an oral creampie, dear—she won’t mind. What Pinkie has in mind is a world apart. You’ll know soon enough.”You hummed to yourself, not having the energy to argue. “Why did you do that anyways? I definitely just flashed a bunch of ponies, you know.”“Yes, I’m very sorry, Anonymous. I tried to be quick but I realize that might have offended you.”You chuckled, pulling her closer to you. “Nah, I’m not mad, Rarity. A little peek is no big deal after everything so far. I’m just wondering why you did it? You didn’t have to swallow you know.”Rarity tugged at her hair, looking away from you. ”Ah, yes, quite right. I-It’s just that…”“What?” You raised an eyebrow at her.“I just didn’t want you to get your clothes dirty.”Anon and Rarity nestled into one another, the smaller mare tucking herself in the crook of Anon’s body as the post orgasm bliss lulled them into a midday nap. Your chest felt tight as you watched them from above.They were one of several scattered ponies out enjoying some stress relief at the game today. Some ponies had even been inspired by Anon and Rarity, you noted. You don’t blame them. Anon using his fingers like that looked amazing. Just thinking about his little fingers, twisting around in your marehood, going after all your weak spots… You swallowed, instinctively arching your back and letting out a whine.Watching Anon and Rarity had make you feel… well… A long, viscous strand of mare fluid dripped down onto your cloud, soaking into the fluffy texture. Plenty of fluid had already soaked into your coat and on the underside of your multicolored tail. But it was more than that. You’ve gotten heated before, sure, but this was Anon, so you found yourself a little irked still, and there was that familiar squirmy sensation in your stomach too. You gritted your teeth and smacked your face into the cloud-fluff. Celestia damn-it, why? Your stomach felt like it was twisted into a knot just thinking about being in Rarity’s place. Why did Anon make you feel so weird all the time! Nopony else did this to you. Why did he make you feel all dizzy and tingly and junk?I mean sure, you did get to watch him and one of your best friends play with each other, and s-she got to taste his cum in her mouth. You even got to see a little flash of his big human— c-cock. The thought barely finished in your head before your back legs trembled, tail hiking practically over your back as your stomach did another flip. You growled under your breath and clenched your eyes shut.. Your body was screaming to breed with him—to just swoop down, bend over, and beg him to start pounding away at your aching marehood. But...You could feel moisture welling up at the corners of your eyes. Stupid asshole… he didn’t even want to screw you. All this time you thought he liked you. You never had a male friend like Anon before; someone who you could share all of yourself with and not feel afraid. But it was all a lie. All those times he made up excuses… all those times he said he couldn’t have sex with you.He just didn’t want to.A tired groan left you and flopped over on your back. Fuck him. Fuck him and that stupid pretty boy face. He made you feel all messed up and horny and angry and AGH! It wasn’t fair! Your chest pumped as you jumped to your hooves, ready to dart down there and just… do… Something…What would you even do? Yell at him? Hit him? I mean why not!? He deserved as much, right? ...right? You imagined hitting Anon and a cold feeling ran through you. No, you didn’t want to hurt him...“Dammit.” You flopped down on your belly, then rolled over, rested a foreleg over your eyes. “Anon, you big jerk... “A small voice whispered in the back of your mind ‘at least he’s trying.’ As much as he ticked you off, you had to admit he WAS trying. And making progress. Rarity had done a lot—his progress today showed as much. Anon was still infuriatingly half-assed and hesitant about some things, but he really did an amazing job getting Rarity off. She came HARD. You’d know. You’ve relieved her plenty of times and she only squirted and shook that hard once or twice.  Celestia, how long had it been since you came that hard anyways? Those fingers looked amazing… He could probably mess you right up, make you a big quivering mess without even putting his cock in you.And Anon! His face when he came sent sparks up your spine. You squeezed your thighs together, heart thudding in your chest. At the same time, that strange, wormy feeling surged in your center. You put a hoof to your tummy, pressing against the fur as if it could somehow ease the strange sensation. It felt like you were doing flips right now. And on top of that, you couldn’t stop thinking about Rarity’s mouth on his cock. Your marehood winked, pushing out another generous glob of juice. Celestia you needed to cum really bad now too. You were just this big twisted up ball of messed up feelings and you have no clue what to do about it.Maybe there’s something wrong with you… Those feelings had only gotten worse the last few days. Maybe it was just the hope that Anon would give you a chance soon. He might not want to fuck you but you could just ask now, right? Or was it too soon still? You groaned, flipping over onto your stomach. What you’d give to just stop feeling this way. When did it even begin? It had been a slow thing. Anon had been your friend for a while and you loved spending time with him. But one day you realized something was off and it was too late to stop it.--A few months earlier...Your breath was ragged and heavy, fur soaked in sweat. A faint blush had spread across your cheeks, and your heart thundered in your chest. A mare nearby clicked a stopwatch, scribbled something on a card then handed it to you. You smiled as you read the number and couldn’t help doing a little dance. 19:56The Running of the Leaves, like most pony traditions, represented an opportunity for you. In particular, a physical event like The Running was a chance to better yourself, to go beyond your old limits and prove how much faster you’d gotten since last year. And also beat Applejack. You liked beating Applejack.But it was foremost a chance to show off a little, and as a bonus, maybe get some dick at the end. After such a long run, and with everypony working up a sweat, the finishing area would be drenched in musk. And physical activity worked up an appetite. A kinky appetite. So while The Running wasn’t a sexual event, it had become a tradition to hold a small fair near the finishing area that tended to those needs. Enterprising ponies could make a few bits for their businesses or charities, and you could get some potent, exotic relief that left you satisfied for days. All and all, it was something ponies looked forward to, even if they didn’t participate in the run.As you trotted into the fairgrounds, you found yourself quickly surrounded by all manner of booths for every kind of need. Thirsty after the run? Check out Delly’s Lemonade. Hungry? There were fair food wagons lining the dirt paths. Horny? You licked your lips as you surveyed the sexual relief booths. Yeah, there was that too.Wait… You paused as you looked across at the booths, bobbing your chin as you counted them. Only five this year? Where was Pokey’s pumpeler? You’d saved up a ton of bits to have him ream you. All the other booths were run by mares or used toys or machines to simulate a dick. You were real sick of mare tongue right now and needed something big and thick in you. It’d been weeks since you had a real stallion rut you with how few there were in ponyville. But it was more than that. There was honestly something to be said about being with a stallion that you had chemistry with. Sure, you could grab a stranger, and you did often enough when your libido got too much to bear, but when you really wanted to feel that leg shaking, spine tingling feeling that lit up every pleasure nerve, the kind of orgasms that made your mind go blank and made you a quivering, drooling mess? Well for those, you needed a guy who knew what you liked. And Pokey knew how to mess you up in just the right way.He knew what did it for a lot of mares honestly—it was a talent of his. Pokey was one of Ponyville’s studs, with the license and everything, which also meant he was busy and a lot of mares competed for his attention. You’d pay him to get you special attention if you could, Tartarus a lot of mares would, but he never felt comfortable accepting bits like that. He got a bag of coins from the crown to keep up the good work every month, as well as plenty of appreciation from townsfolk, and to him, that was all he wanted. Pokey insisted it shouldn’t be about bits if he was going to keep being a stud—it was just something you did to help ponies out, not because there was something in it for you, and as much as you hate to admit it, he was probably right. That meant, if you wanted a serious, full attention session with him, you had to wait for special events where he’d set up a charity booth. The schoolhouse always needed repairs, school supplies, and new books after all. But… You grumbled, staring down the empty plot of land. Where the hay was he?AJ came trotting over to you, breathing heavy and holding her finishing card. You gave her a smug look and flashed your timecard. “Read it and weep, AJ. I win this year.” She was only two minutes behind but it felt good to beat a rival.Applejack rolled her eyes as she worked to catch her breath. “Well Dash, I gotta say, y’all did pretty good this year. I guess I’ll haveta’ actually try next time.”You smirked and gave her a shove. “In your dreams, AJ. I’ll blow you away next year too.”She chuckled and gave you a good natured shove back. “We’ll see about that, partner. I just felt like giving you a chance this time is all.”“Aha, there you are. We were wondering when you two would finish.”You turned to see Rarity and Fluttershy, both carrying over bottles of water. “Um, you did really good this year, Rainbow Dash,” Fluttershy said, handing you a drink.“Aah, thanks, Fluttershy. It was nothing,” you said, taking the bottle from her and gulping it down. It wasn’t nothing. You trained your tail off for that time, but you weren’t going to let Applejack know that.“Are Anonymous and Twilight still running?” Rarity said, looking out across the home stretch.  “Oh, I hope the poor dear is doing alright. It’s his first run—what if it’s too long? He was pacing himself when you last saw him, yes?”You perked up at that. Anon ran today? Your face lit up and you couldn’t help but bounce a little in place. Heck yeah! Anon was super cool and that was one more male that could take you to pound town. Though, Twilight’s probably been drowning him in her scent by now. You deflated at that. He’d probably mount her the moment they crossed the finish line and wouldn’t be in the mood for anything else like usual. For a guy who got erections real easy, he had an annoyingly low sex drive. You grumbled under your breath. Darnit, you really liked Anon and still haven’t gotten a turn with him yet…Applejack took a deep swig from her bottle then screwed the cap back. “Relax, Rarity. Anon’s a lot more durable than he looks. S’helped me and Mac a few times now when we needed it, and if’n he has any trouble, Twilight’s right there with him.”“Oh, and um, remember when he taught us that Hand-Egg game?” Fluttershy said. “They may not be fast, but Hyoomans can run for an awful long time.”Yeah, you remember that day. Even though you weren’t allowed to fly, you still outmatched his speed by miles. But you remember how happy he looked just playing the game. And at the end of the day, Anon had put up a good fight. You still remember the way he smiled at you—red faced, sweaty, and gasping for breath—and the way he told you ‘good game’. Something about that made you feel really weird. Not guilty of course. You deserved that win and he made you work for it with his crazy passes. It was… something else… He just looked so cute and you had so much fun that day. No other pony made you feel like that. It was impossible to know what to make of it, and that was strangely concerning for you.Anyhow, he’d finish for sure. You were more concerned with what he wanted to do after the race. You shifted your weight back and forth, flicking your tail nervously as you watched groups of ponies pass by and begin to mill about. Their scents hit you immediately and you stifled a whine. A few of the males were already dropped from their sheaths, cocks dangling tantalizingly between their legs.Several got water from tables that had been set up and made idle chatter with one another. They’d eventually make their way to the different booths to get relief, or grab a mare who smelled inviting. There’d be time to snag somepony, but you felt anxious with how many kept passing you up without saying anything. The gender ratio wasn’t too bad in Ponyville but there were still only so many males to go around.“Shew, Rainbow, y’all gonna be okay over there? You’re lookin’ mighty anxious.” Applejack said, raising an eyebrow.You blinked. “Oh, uh, yeah. I guess just thinking…”“You sure, sugarcube? Because you look more cock hungry than a wolf in a chicken coop. Y’all want some relief or anythin? Ya got us right here.”“I’m kinda holding out for a stallion right now,” you mumbled.“Oh, well speaking of relief,” Rarity said, turning to Fluttershy. “We have a lot of work to do.”“What’d y’all cook up this year?” AJ asked.“Well, Fluttershy and I are going to be handling a nice little gangbang booth a little ways down the path.”Your eyes widened and you glanced back at Fluttershy. The pegasus met your eyes then looked away, nodding meekly. Holy horseapples, she’s really going to do it?A gangbang booth was something only one or two ponies attempted to run a year, and it was a rough time to say the least.  The cost for using the booth mare was only a few bits and you could do whatever you wanted so long as it didn’t hurt. It was a bargain, and attendance was realistically only limited to how many ponies the booth could fit. At the size of a small pig pen, that was anywhere between five and ten ponies. The mare at the center of it all would be an absolute mess at the end, drenched in both male and female cum, spit, and her own fluids. Not to mention mind meltingly cum drunk. There was even a bet each year on how long a mare would last before she’d start to get that fucked silly look. The booth was one of the most popular as a way to get a quick, cheap fuck in, so the bits were lucrative, but that didn't mean it was easy. It was still hours of being endlessly reamed like a fucktoy.Last year, Rarity partnered up with Nurse Redheart. Rares made enough to launch her new store in Canterlot, and handled herself pretty well all things considered, while Redheart did it to raise money for the foals hospital in Manehattan and… well she got enough bits for a whole new wing, but she hadn’t handled it nearly as well as Rarity. Redheart came out of it physically sore as all tartarus and got fucked so silly she “broke” for a while. She recovered, but it was safe to say that, with the foals hospital in better shape than ever, Redheart would be bowing out this year. That meant Rarity needed a mare to help her split the load. Thinking of poor Fluttershy getting plowed that long and hard made you worried.“You sure you can handle that, Fluttershy?”Fluttershy’s ears lay back and a small tremor ran through her. “Oh, um, well, I really need the bits for the animals right now since a new bear came in, and even though it’s kinda scary taking care of that many ponies, I think I can do it. They’re just going to use me—” She gulped. “—a lot.”Rarity put a hoof around the nervous mare. “Don’t worry, I’ll be right there with you helping to service as many as I can. You’ll do wonderful, Darling. Just relax and let them do most of the work. You’re normally so good at dealing with groups, especially stallions.”Well so long as they didn’t try to talk to her, yeah. “Well, Shy, if you’re sure about this...” you said, giving her a questioning look.The mare looked for all the world like she’d been told to jump in front of a charging Ursa Major, but she nodded meekly. “Yes, I have to. It’s for the animals. I can do it.”“You’ll love it once you get into the swing of things, dear,” Rarity said, a wistful look in her eyes. “It’s a wonderful thing, being at the center of all those amourous bodies, all clamoring for a spot around you, dying to be touched and pleased.”You rolled your eyes. All you want is one dick and a stallion you like, thank you very much. “So where’s ‘Pokey’s Pummeler’? He’s the only one who can do that thing I like and he’s not set up this year,” you said, gesturing to the empty plot of dirt next to Milky Ways Titjob booth and The Deviant Drake’s toy hut.Applejack adjusted her hat and gave the spot a glance. “Ya didn’t hear? Pokey’s got Hair Trigger's disease. Can’t hardly move without blowing his load all over the place. Poor stud’s in bed, missing all the fun.”You winced. “Jeeze… well maybe I can ask Jack Hammer or Bulk then? Or maybe Anon if Twilight gets done with him?”“Ya might not have the luxury of choice, Dash,” AJ said. “You’re probably better off just grabbing whoever you can find, and without Pokey taking a few mares outta the crowd, I’d say most stallions are gonna be tapped out if ya wait too long.”“It’ll be fine, AJ. I got time,” you said, mostly trying to reassure yourself as you looked around for a partner. More and more stallions kept walking by and picking out mares around you.The sounds of sizzling food and the steady murmur of the crowds filled your ears as you plopped down at a wooden table, eager to stop the rumbling in your belly. You snapped off a bite of your carrot dog and chewed with purpose, eyes still scanning over the crowd. The smell of fresh cum and the sounds of moans still made it to you here, all the way in the food court, you noted. Though maybe that was some sorta ultra slut sense kicking in, considering how pent you were. Who knew… All you knew was right now, things could be better.The sun sat low in the sky, shrouding the area in an orange glow as ponies milled about, some clearly having been satisfied by some source or another as evidenced by their cum smeared fur and blissful expressions. So far a few mares had asked for your help, and you’d let one colt use your mouth, but you hadn’t been able to get relief from the stallions you wanted. There was a list of ten but none of them could help you for one reason or another. Most were already busy with other mares or drained by the time you found them, or in the case of Anon, totally AWOL! You thought maybe you could settle with at least a strong looking stallion but even that started to seem like a pipe dream at this point.Stallions had flocked in droves to Rarity and Fluttershy’s gangbang booth, sometimes even going through the line twice to have a go at them. To be fair, that booth often got a lot of attention every year, but with Fluttershy AND Rarity headlining the event, it was a total blowout. Much to Fluttershy’s dismay, she’d be taking miles of dick before the sun even set. Rarity was probably basking in all that sex right about now, you thought, taking another bite.Those two really were popular with the guys… I mean, it made sense really. Rarity was gorgeous, and had heaps of sex appeal. On top of that, she was just a really good lay. And Fluttershy, well, with the legs and face of a supermodel, and the demeanor that screamed ‘use me however you want’, it wasn’t hard to see why she attracted so much male attention.Suddenly a white mohawk poked out from a throng of ponies, heading towards the sex quarter. Thunderlane! You shoved the rest of the food in your mouth and zoomed off, chasing after the dark coated pony. Thunderlane was far from your first choice, but he could probably keep up a decent pace. He never really impressed when you asked for help at work, but he wasn’t bad per se. Flitter and Cloudchaser were always screwing him, so he had to be doing something right. Maybe just gotta give him the right motivation?As you rocketed over the heads of the crowd, his face came into view. Your eyes darted downwards, and you let out a happy squeal when you saw his cock, not covered in any mare’s juices, hanging out of its sheath. You did a quick loop then headed over to him. Looks like you were getting some after all.--Thunderlane pulled out of you slowly, his firm cock dragging against your sensitive marehood as you moaned. You let out a long mewl and involuntary clenched around him, not wanting to be left empty.“H-Harder please,” you gasped out, barely able to keep your hindquarters in the air.You were close. It had only been a few minutes since you convinced a somewhat hesitant Thunderlane to give you some attention. He’d come looking to rut the pegasi twins of course, and even now, kept his head on a swivel as he pumped away, his cock pistoning at a much too gentle rhythm for your liking. You like your males to really pound you, the faster and more aggressive the better. At least he had the size and musculature, but would it kill him to be a little rough? A-And maybe give you a compliment or two? That’d be nice… but you can’t just ask for that. You could, however, tell him to stop being such a slowpoke.“Thunderlane, come ooon,” you whined, looking back at him with a glower. He slowed his thrusting and you tsked, pushing yourself down to the hilt with a slap before he could do it himself. “Hey, don’t slow down!”“Sorry, what?”You groaned. “I said, harder. I really need this, okay? And maybe, you could... you know. You know what I like, right?” He gave you a blank look. “Oh come on! Just lay into me! Rough me up and stuff. I know you can, I’ve seen you do it with other mares.”He sighed. “Look, Dash,” he said, rubbing the back of his neck, “I’m trying to save my energy for some other mares, okay? Your friends are running the gangbang stall, right?”You furrowed your brow. “Yeah, Fluttershy and Rarity… So what?”“Well, Flitter really loves Fluttershy and we made plans to fuck her at the same time. Been looking forward to it all day. And just—It’s fine if you need help at work but… I don’t know Dash, you’re just not my type is all.”You paused, not sure what to say to that. I mean, you figured it’d take a little bit to grab his attention when there were so many mares flagging around here, but you thought you had enough going for you. Didn’t you have at least some connection? He screwed you enough times at work that you thought he was kinda getting in tune with you. Do you really do nothing for him?“I… do you even want to do this then?”He blinked. “Huh? What do you mean? I thought you just needed some help getting off.”“I do. I just thought…” You sighed. “Well I thought you’d be a little more into it,” you said.“What does it matter?”You opened your mouth to answer but paused. He was right in a way. What did it matter if Thunderlane had a thing for you or not? He’d still get you off. But you wanted something more for some reason. Truth be told, you’ve asked a fair few stallions to rut you who clearly didn’t care one way or the other, and it never bothered you before.  Not everypony was going to be all pent and horny at the same time as you, nor could you guarantee they find you attractive. It wasn’t a big deal normally. So why’d it bother you so much now?Thunderlane tilted his head and leaned down, looking you in the eyes. “Dash, you feelin’ okay?”“Yeah just… I don’t know, I guess I don’t feel like it anymore.”“Aw hey, come on, Dash. I didn’t say I wouldn’t give you a good one. Just let me know when you’re close and I’ll go a little harder, just like you want, okay?”You pushed a pebble around in the dirt as you mulled the offer over. That was really sweet of him, but for whatever reason, it didn't make you feel better. It was just so impersonal, and something about that didn’t feel right. He wasn’t doing it because he wanted to, or because you wanted to. It was because that was part of being a good friend. And that felt… kinda lame.Ugh, this was so annoying. Why was it even a big deal to begin with? You briefly wondered if you should just get some relief now and worry about getting something better another day. The sun had already started to set and the fair was running down, several ponies starting to head home with happy, satisfied looks. You knew you should just take what you can get at this point. If you waited any longer, you wouldn’t be getting off till tomorrow, and trying to sleep while horny was the worst. But still, something about doing it this way felt so empty. Why can’t you just… get a colt to like you.No, stop it, Dash. He’s trying to be polite for your sake. It’d be rude to turn him down now, and there was an ache between your legs that needed tending to.You paused, almost afraid to ask.  “Thunderlane, you really don’t mind? I don’t want you to be forced. I’d rather you enjoy yourself, you know?”Thunderlane shrugged. “It’s not a problem. I’ve got nothing better to do while I wait for Flitter,” he said.A weight settled on your chest and you rubbed a forehoof. “Right, heh. Yeah… ” With a sigh, you bent over again and presented yourself. “Alright well, if you’re okay with it, go ahead I guess. And um, thanks for the help.”“No problem, Dash.”Without further pause, the stallion reared up, lining up his member, then pushed back into your folds. You bit your lip, unable to stop yourself from pushing into him and letting out a mewl. Thunderlane inched forward as your marehood clamped down on him involuntarily, trying to desperately milk more sensation from his cock while also slowing him down. Celestia, you’re never waiting this long again. Every inch drove you mad with desire. It became a mix of blissful torture as he pushed forward, and finally, you felt his hips tap against your rear. A shudder ran through you. You wanted to scream at him to just fuck you into the dirt but you bit the words back and waited patiently. After several achingly long seconds, he began thrusting again, faster than his original pace, though only marginally so. It wasn’t bad, per se, and you soon found yourself letting out little sounds of pleasure as he pumped into you.“There you go. You sound like you’re feeling better already.”You clenched your eyes shut and bit back another moan. Yeah, in a way you were feeling better. Maybe you just needed some dick. It could be better but it still felt really good admittedly, like a warm shower after a hot day. It didn't take long before you were pushed to the edge again, your back legs trembling every so many seconds as bolts of pleasure rolled through your spine. A little bit of roughness would send you over. You just had to ask and he’d finally treat you the way you wanted.“N-Now,” you said, breath ragged, hooves digging into the dirt. “I’m close, Thunderlane. Please.”Thunderlane paused for half a second then wound back and thrust forward all at once. His hips clapped audibly against your ass, sending it rippling and making you squeal. You arched your back the pleasure making you dizzy. “Mmf~” you moan, face now in the dirt.  It wasn’t the roughest thrust he could put you through, not by a long shot, but after being treated like a chore this whole time, it felt amazing to finally feel some real force in his thrusts. You didn’t want to be made love to. You wanted to be fucked. You wanted to feel used by someone bigger and stronger than you. You wanted big, powerful stallions to slam into you over and over, like they were trying to bruise your womb then dump their hot seed deep inside you. The amount of times you came to the fantasy of being bred like that were too numerous to count.Thunderlane pulled back then continued to piston, grabbing onto your hips and angling himself downwards. Each thrust pushed you into the dirt and your tongue lolled out of your mouth. Ooh, now he’s pounding you into the ground. That was one of your favorites.Your orgasm, which you’d been fighting to reach for a while now, was finally within your grasp. Thunderlane seemed to be able to tell, and gave you one final, mind numbing thrust. You came immediately. Your legs gave out and you let out a soft cry, marehood spasming around Thunderlane’s cock. A long, low moan escaped your throat as you shook, your legs trembling as they were coated in several waves of mare cum.Thunderlane held himself there, and you faintly realized he hadn’t came himself even as you spasmed and clamped around his cock, your body desperate to feel his hot seed. But it never came, and you realized at the tail end of your orgasmic bliss that he wasn’t even looking at you. He’d spotted someone and smiled over at them, giving them a wave.“Oh hey, there you are,” he said, as his member slid out of you.With no strength in your hindquarters, you flopped to the ground, a small puff of dirt kicking up around you. Without anything to keep pushing you onwards, your orgasm echoed through your core for a few more seconds, before fading entirely and leaving you with only a minor tingle. Your mind was a blur of muddled emotions—pleasure, shame, annoyance, jealousy—all swirling around in your frazzled mind as out of the corner of your eyes, Flitter trotted up to your partner.“Hey, Thundy,” she said, giving Thunderlane a kiss on the cheek. “Helpin’ Dash out, huh?”“Yeah, she really needed some attention.”“You gonna be long? I’m dying to have some fun already. Cloud Kicker’s been edging me all day and I’m so excited. I finally get to screw that cute pegasus and I get to do it with my best fuckbuddy.” Flitter gave a girlish squeal, throwing her hooves around Thunderlane. “I can’t wait. We’re gonna rock that little pony’s world.”Thunderlane spared you a glance. You shakily rose to your hooves, shaking your head as the post-orgasmic fog began to lift.“You good Dash? You came, right?”You did but you weren’t good. Deep down you knew that. Right now, more than anything, you felt like garbage. When you came, his attention was elsewhere. That wasn’t abnormal, or even rude. Ponies had stuff to do or things on their mind, and he gave you his time for your sake. But something about him not cumming at all, and just not caring once you got off really bothered you. It made you feel sick for some reason. You felt empty. Maybe something is wrong with you? Whatever the case, you were through here. That much was clear.“Yeah I’m good. Thanks for your help,” you said, not too convincingly but your breathlessness helped to mask the disappointment.Flitter did a little hop, then grabbed Thunderlane’s hoof. “Yes! Alright, now we can go have some fun. C’mon, let’s go!” Flitter tugged Thunderlane away, who didn’t spare you so much as a glance or another word.You sat there, breathing hard for a little while until strength returned to your legs. A cold empty feeling settled in your chest, and before you could really think too long on it, you left the fairgrounds.There was a lake that sat a few gallops from the edge of whitetail woods. It was far enough from the fairgrounds to silence the noises of merriment and pleasure, but not far enough to be out of sight. The casual rustle of dry leaves in the wind and gentle ripples of water against the shore surrounded you, a stark contrast to the noisy, sex-filled fairgrounds. It was here you found yourself, sitting at waters edge, not knowing whether you wanted to go home or linger a while longer and catch your friends on their way back. You wanted to hear about their time, make sure Fluttershy was okay, see how Twilight’s time with Anon went, maybe ask Pinkie what she got up to. Pinkie stories were always interesting stories. And you wanted to see Anon… it’d be nice to talk to him, even if he was too drained for any fun.But at the same time, a big part of you didn’t want to be near anypony for a while. Right now you just wanted to be alone.You stared at your reflection in the water, adjusting a bit of mane past your cheek, trying a smile before letting it fade and your laying your ears back. You gave your eyelashes a little flutter, a small move you’d seen Rarity do a few times to good effect, but all you managed to do was look like a spaz with a blinking problem. What are you doing exactly? The question echoed in your mind but you forced the answer down.You tried a pose, rearing up on two legs, puffing your chest out and trying to look confident. No good… Your front legs clopped back down and you let out an explosive sigh. How do they do it? You take care of your mane, wash it twice, keep your teeth clean, coat shiny, wings neatly preened. You’re cool and confident—colts go for that stuff, right? So why?You looked back at your face in the water. A tired looking pegasus with dull, rust colored eyes, a boring, sky blue coat, and a strange, multi-toned mane that was too wild and unruly to be called pretty, stared back at you. You weren’t pretty. The thought came flat and toneless in your mind, but no less true.You weren’t pretty. Not like Rarity or Fluttershy. You sank down to your haunches, eyes lowering. I mean, you always knew as much. Fluttershy was always a gorgeous pony, and Rarity knew how to maximize her appeal and had a nice body to boot. What were you? You looked back at your reflection, frown deepening as you scrutinized every bit of yourself for what felt like the thousandth time.“Not much to look at,” you said bitterly.A sound to your side caused one of your ears to swivel and your back to stiffen. “Who’s there?” you snapped, jumping to your feet.Nopony answered. Only the faint ripple of water filled your ears. Dangit, you definitely heard somepony snort or something. Keeping your head low, you headed in the direction of the sound. Tall patches of grass, accented with cattails blocked most of your view as you traced along the lake’s edge, but after a few feet, something caught your eye. At this point, you’d reached an area closest to the whitetail woods, and a few trees stretched out closer to the lake. On an outstretched branch, a blue, nylon t-shirt and a pair of shorts hung, both somewhat damp as they dried in the setting sun. There was only one creature you knew who wore clothes that size. You pushed forward, parting a path of grass with your snout. There, laying out on a large towel was Anon, arms behind his head and a contented smile on his face. His eyes lay closed and he let out a low pitched snore.You wanted to smack yourself. So that’s what that was. You were silently thankful nobody saw you, but you couldn’t ignore the nagging question at the back of your mind. What was Anon doing here? You thought he was with Twilight getting busy. Did he seriously just go for a swim then fell asleep? You took a few steps closer, eyeing him up and down, a blush spreading across your muzzle as your eyes traced his body. A small pair of undershorts clung to his crotch, outlining his stallionhood quite clearly for you, and his hairless body let you see every muscle. You realize idly that this is the first time you’ve seen him with so little on. And it’s definitely the first time you got a hint of his stallionhood’s shape and size. Every other time you’ve seen him, he wore plenty of clothing to cover himself, which left everypony wondering what he was packing. Definitely made you want to find out… He probably wouldn’t mind a little peek, right? Well, any normal stallion wouldn’t mind, but this was Anon. He was really weird about sex in general. You’re not sure how he’d feel about you checking out his equipment but… Well he didn’t say you COULDN’T check out his cock. You’d ask but he’s asleep and waking him would be rude. A smile broke out across your face and your tail wagged behind you. Yep, sound logic. He can’t be mad if you don’t do anything really. You’re just looking.You trotted over, careful not to step on any rocks or errant branches, and came to stand between his legs. Damn, he was kinda packing, you thought, eyeing the bulge. Your heart beat hard in your chest as you eyed his shorts, a tantalizing outline teasing what lay underneath. Something about the way clothes concealed and hinted felt so lewd. Maybe it was the denial of it? They existed as if to say, no looking, no touching, at least until you unwrap me. You gulped. Ah, Celestia, this was getting you way too bothered for what it was. You’re just curious is all.  You didn’t mean to get all horny over it. Okay, just do it and get it over with. It’s not even a big deal.  It’s just his cock. You’ve seen a million others. You just never saw one on a stallion as big as Anon… and those muscles… the way they moved when he shifted, the way his arms flexed when he passed a ball or how his calves tensed when he chased you… He held a lot of power in that body. And while his cock wasn’t big for his size, it was pretty big for a pony. Another shiver ran through you. Dammit, stop thinking so much and just look at it!You reached out, hooves shaking but finding their marks on either side of his short’s waistband. A long, hot breath slipped from your lips as you pulled his shorts down, slowly, agonizingly, so as to not wake him up. The head of his cock popped out suddenly and you flinched, your marehood winking. You continued until his shorts were about at his ankles and his member was on full display for you. Whatever he was dreaming about had left him at half chub and you couldn’t help but lick your lips.“Wow…” you said breathlessly, careful to keep your voice low.The color was different—that was the first thing you noticed, and there was no sheath to speak of. It all just hung out there, for anyone to see.Then the scent hit you.Your nostrils flared and the deep musk of a male enveloped your senses and you let out an involuntary moan. H-Holy, sun. He smelled so good. You inched your snout closer, giving his sleeping face a few glances before finally going in. Your snout shoved right up against his scrotum and you hummed.The smell sent a tingle through your body, and you realized it smelled somewhat familiar. Everytime you played games with Anon you’d always kept getting horny from something. Now you know why. This whole time you’d been getting little whiffs of his musk. Now, with it this close, this pure and unfiltered, it was hard to think. The scent wrapped around your mind, demanding all of your attention. You clenched your back legs and rubbed your inner thighs together. You want to taste him. Your tongue darted out and you gave one of his balls a gentle lick. Wow… it was kinda hard to describe actually. Reminded you of dough, pleasant and mostly tasteless, with a bit of a salty aftertaste. You’ve tasted a lot of stallion cock and they all had sorta fruity flavors. You gave him another long lick and a jolt of excitement rolled through you when it twitched.“Ooh, somebody’s getting excited,” you said, giggling to yourself as his penis stirred. “Let’s see how big you get!”Anon jerked, gave a loud snort, and suddenly sat up. You ducked down, your ears snapping back. Shit! You said that way too loud. Pleasedon’tbemadpleasedon’tbemad.He turned and squinted at the low sun for a moment, shielding his eyes with a hand before turning and looking at you. Anon froze. SHIT FILLY, YOU DID IT NOW."Rainbow?” he said, in an adorably sleepy voice.“H-Hey, Anon!” you said, giving him a sheepish smile. “Aheh, want to um… have sex maybe?”“Wha...?” He looked down and his eyes shot open. ”Holy! What the fuck, Dash!” Anon shot to his feet, nearly knocking you over, and jerked his shorts back over his cock.You snapped to your feet a second later heart pounding in your chest. Oh no no no no! He was pissed. “I didn’t do anything, I swear. It was a little taste and I was curious! Please, I’m sorry!”“Dash, what’s wrong with you! You just—!” Anon stopped, his expression changing when he met your eyes.“W-What?” you said, frown deepening. “Is there something on my face?”He sighed, and readjusted his undershorts. “No I just… nevermind, Rainbow.”“Are you mad at me?” you whispered, just loud enough to hear in the quiet.“No, Rainbow. I just don’t want to have sex right now.” He shook his head and turned to get his clothes.Oh… Okay. You sank back to your haunches. Maybe you could go home with him and he’ll tell you when he’s ready? Yeah! A sleepover with Anon would be awesome! You looked up at him, excitement bubbling up in your chest as you opened your mouth to ask, but stopped. Actually… he might not want to have sex with you at all. Anon kinda had a low libido. Only had sex with a few mares now and then as far as the girls had told you, and none of them had gotten a chance with him yet. It made you really wonder who his favorites were. All you knew was, whoever they were, you weren’t one of them. In all the time he’s been your friend, he never asked you for help. Your ears folded back. He might not even see you in a sexual light at all. I mean, if you asked, he’d probably help you out still, right? He was your friend. He just… might not feel that way about you.“Hey, you doing okay, Dash?”You looked up and realized Anon was fully clothed now and staring at you. “Huh? OH, uh, sorry. Just thinking is all.” You waved a hoof, trying to make it look nonchalant. “No big deal, dude. Don’t worry about it.”He stood there for a few seconds, simply watching you. Somehow just doing that made you feel little, and it wasn’t the height. The way Anon looked at you sometimes made you feel weird, like he could take you in, size you up and understand you in a way you couldn’t fully understand yourself. I mean he was an alien after all. Maybe he could? All you knew was that you found yourself held there, frozen in place as he looked at you with those deep green eyes. In that moment, it felt like things slowed down, the beating of your heart a little heavier, each breath measured and deliberate. It was just you and him, with the quiet of the lake lapping at the shore. Then he chuckled, and the spell was broken.“You’re a bad liar,” he said, giving you a tap on your snout. “The Dash I know would have been much grumpier if I told her no, especially when it comes to sex. Something’s eating you.”You blushed and got to your hooves. “Whuh? No! Whadya mean? I said it’s no big deal so it’s no big deal. What do you know about me anyhow?”He smirked.“I know your left wing twitches when you lie for one.”“WHAT!?” You spun around, trying to get a look at your wing. ”No way! Ugh, for real?”Dangit, how long was that giving you away!? And who told him? Was it Pinkie? It had to be Pinkie. She was the only one of your friends who would have figured something like that out. Ooh, Celestia dammit, how are you supposed to look him in the face now? Maybe you could tie your wings down or wear a jacket? Ugh, no those feel awful.Your thoughts were interrupted by the sound of Anon laughing and you stopped, slowly turning to him. You narrowed your eyes as he put a fist to his lips, trying his best to stifle a fierce giggling fit and already failing.“My wing doesn’t twitch when I lie—does it?”When he spoke it sounded like a balloon losing air. “Nope.”You could already feel the blush spreading across your scrunching muzzle. “A-Anon you big jerk!” you said, flying up and trying to hit him in the chest.He batted away your hooves and eventually grabbed you. Anon deftly turned you around, pressing your wings to his chest to prevent you from flapping, and wrapped his arms around your barrel, pinning your hooves to your sides. “Agh, Anon! Let me go so I can hit you!”“You’re not making a very compelling argument there, Dashy,” he said with a smirk.“Come on! Just one good punch. You totally deserve it, you big doofus!”“Hey, who you calling a doofus, doofus? You’re the one who fell for it.”“Well yeah, but you don’t gotta be such a smug, butt-head about it!”Anon laughed, a strangely musical sound when mixed with the gentle wind. You don’t really know why, but something about the way it sounded eased your embarrassment just a bit.“Alright, alright I gotcha,” he said. “I’m sorry, I’ll try not to be such a butt-head. You just looked so cute and nervous all of a sudden. I couldn’t help it.”You stilled. Cute? Was he teasing you? He had to be…  “W-Well whatever, fine. Just put me down already.”“You going to behave?”“Anon, I’m not a yearling!”“No, but you’re fussy like one.”“ANON!”“Alright, alright, I’m sorry, jeeze.”He let you go and you glided back to your spot next to him, giving him a glare as you went about fixing your ruffled wings. Stupid, Anon. He was cute but he could be a real butt.Anon just shook his head, ruffled your mane, then sat back down on his towel, crossing his legs. “So, something happen at the fair?”You snorted. ”Wouldn’t you like to know...”He ignored that comment, simply staring at you and trying to read your expression, almost as if he expected you to give some insight as you preened yourself. Or just tell him. Well that’s too bad, monkey boy. You’re not giving him the satisfaction. He could mess with you all he wanted. You didn’t have to tell him anything. I mean… even if you wanted to talk to him about it, where would you even begin? You didn’t understand your problem at all. All you really had was a big, gross ball of twisted up emotions and no idea what to do with it. What was he going to do, make you pretty and girly so guys liked you more? You paused on that thought. Well… he was a guy. Maybe he could give some advice at least?Your preening slowed to a stop, and you looked up at him curiously. No smirk, no laughing—just Anon watching you carefully, waiting on you to say something. You felt your thoughts slip as you met his exotic, alien eyes, getting lost in them all over again. Something about that look just made you feel… well like things were going to be okay, somehow.You furrow your brow. When did you get so comfortable around Anon anyways? You still remember a time when he put you on edge—his teeth and weird scent used to make you nervous—but here you were, sitting by his side and feeling strangely content. That should have seemed odd since it sounded so boring in your head to just sit together. Yet here you were, enjoying it. He held no judgement in his gaze, no demands for conversation. He just watched you, as if looking for something.What did eyes like his see in you, you wonder. You were friends and he liked spending time with you, but what did he really think of you? What did he think about your coat, your mane colors, or the size of your tuft? Was Anon a big tuft kind of colt or was he okay with what you had? Did he think your hair was too messy or would he like it better straight? Would you look girlier with a bow or was that too much? Shoot, you don’t think you could pull off a bow.'You just looked so cute and nervous all of a sudden. I couldn’t help but smile.'His words echoed in your mind and you bit your lip. Why would he say something like that? Anon liked to tease you sometimes but it was all in good fun. He wouldn’t tease you about your looks, right? Did he actually think you were cute?“Anon, what do you think of me?”Your heart thundered in your chest the moment the words left your mouth and you realized what you just said. WHAT! Why’d you just come out with it like that! Oh Celestia, now he’s going to think you’re super lame or something.“What do you mean? Like as a friend?” he said, tilting his head in a way that looked frustratingly adorable. ”Well I don’t know how you feel but I really like spending time with you, Rainbow. I guess I just feel like I can be myself around you.”Dangit, Anon, that’s not what you meant. Why’d he have to pick now to be dense. “Er, well… thanks I guess, but I mean more like—you know? As a mare?” you said, the last part coming out more as a whisper.He quirked an eyebrow at you. ”As a mare?”“Yes!” you said, gritting your teeth. “Do I have to spell it out for you! I want to know what you think, okay! And I need you to be honest. I…” You trailed off, looking away. “I don’t know who else I can ask.”Anon searched your face for a moment before responding. “Where is this coming from exactly? You’re like the most confident mare I know.”“Maybe on the outside,” you said, ruefully. “This is just between you and me, Anon, but, look I—I had this thing at the fair with a coworker and it didn’t go well. I couldn’t get him interested and he treated it like a chore.”“So? I thought disinterested sex was normal.”“Well, it is sometimes,” you said, rolling your head to the side. “But this isn’t the first time it happened. Fluttershy and Rarity on the other hoof make it look so easy. They’ve got stallions practically swarming them all the time and I—well I’m not them.” You got up and started to pace. “I don’t know how to style my mane or look cute. I’m not girly, and I don’t have their legs or their butts or their tufts and you’re a guy so just tell me what I need to do and I’ll do it, okay!”  It all started pouring out of you. “I just… I hate this! I don’t know why this bothers me so much because I’m still getting laid but I never feel better when it’s over. And when they don’t care it really bothers me for some reason and I feel really empty and I don’t know why! I’m getting passed up for other mares all the time it starts to sting more and more because I try really hard to be good at sex but I suck at it, yet even if I was good, it wouldn’t even matter because I’m just a big tomcolt and I’m not cute or pretty like they are!"A few crows took off on the forest border as you belted out the last sentence. You stood, panting, wings flared, without a clue in the world why you were venting right now. But you were doing it.Anon looked at you like you’d just grown a second head. After a few awkward moments, he finally said something. ”Dash, I don’t—I’m not sure what to say to you.”You nodded, your tail wrapping around your legs. How would he? “Anon, I—I’m sorry for dumping this on you. It’s really lame huh? Look, I’ll just go—”You were cut off as Anon’s arms wrapped around you and you found your chin pressed against his shoulder. Time seemed to slow in that moment as you felt his heat wash over you, his strength holding you close, his heartbeat thudding against your chest. There had been a tightness in your core the whole evening, you realized. You hadn’t really known it was there until now. Because in that moment it unraveled and all you were left with was the sensation of falling. Fresh tears ran down our cheeks as all the bottled emotion from who knows how long flowed out of you. You took a deep breath, like your first in ages, and pressed back into him. It didn’t matter why or how. All that mattered was you needed this, whatever it was. He brought his hand behind your head, and gently ran his fingers through your mane.“Dash?”You didn’t answer. You didn’t have the strength in your voice or the courage to right now. All you were left with was weakness.“You’re one of the most beautiful ponies I know.”You gripped him tighter as the ache in your chest doubled. “Nooo,” you said, voice muffled by his shirt.“No, you listen to me, Dash. I don’t know who this coworker is, but he’s an idiot, okay? You’re amazing just the way you are. You don’t have to do a damn thing to change, and I’ll beat up anyone who says otherwise.”You snickered.“Anon, you can’t go around beating up ponies.”“Screw it. He deserves it. I’ll just explain everything to the authorities and they’ll understand once they see you.”You pulled away and looked up at him, a smile on your face now. “Anon, you’re a big dork, you know that?”He shrugged, giving you that stupid smirk again. “Isn’t my fault they can’t see how awesome you are.”You chuckled, feeling the weight in your chest lifting just a bit. “Heh, I guess I’m pretty awesome, yeah.”“The best.”“The best…” you said, laying your head against his shoulder and climbing into his lap.The two of you stayed that way for a time as the sun began to sink over the horizon. The brilliant orange-yellow light bounced across the lake, sparkling in the errant waves as pink clouds lazily drifted overhead. It felt peaceful here, with just the two of you. Any other time you’d feel compelled to do some flying, maybe show off a little, but right now you felt content to just snuggle into Anon. His large frame felt comforting, and his hands idly ran through your fur as you watched the sun set. Anon really was a good friend.“Hey, Anon?”“Mm?”“Um, I don’t know exactly who you’re going to for sex, but I was just wondering, if you don’t mind, maybe I can help too?” He didn’t answer, his idle petting slowing to a stop. “You don’t have to!” you said, sitting up. “I mean I just… I kinda want to do it with you. And you said… so I thought maybe...”He gave you a squeeze, rubbing a hand against your side. You suppressed a moan and pressed back into him. Celestia that felt nice…“It’s fine, Dash. I meant what I said, okay? You really are a beautiful pony and any stallion would be lucky to have you.” You felt your face heat up and you squirmed a bit hearing that. ”It’s just that I don’t know if I’m ready for that yet. It’s—I don’t know how to explain it.”“Then don’t,” you said. “Just promise me, that when you're ready, you’ll let me help too.”He didn’t answer right away, but eventually Anon nodded and pulled you closer. “Okay, I promise. You’ll be my first.”--present day...Wind whipped past your face as you flew faster, trying to ignore the tears streaming across the sides of your face.At the time you didn’t know what he meant by his first. All you could focus on was the promise itself and how happy you felt hearing that from him. It didn’t matter which first he was saving for you, just that he saved a spot for you among his mares. Then you found out he’d been masturbating the whole time. Celestia, you were so stupid.You wanted to hit him, just deck him right in that stupid, cute face of his today. It would have been so stupid and wrong, but it would have felt good. He deserved to hurt a little too.It was hard to say why you started following him after the truth came out and your friends intervened. You honestly expected him to lie to your friends the whole time they tried to help, to betray their efforts and their trust in him, just like he did to you.But then you saw him trying.You saw him, out of his element, uncomfortable and nervous, and still trying his best. And somehow that pissed you off even more because it was confusing. You’re not sure what to believe now. Well, no matter the case, you were through watching. You wanted the truth from him, once and for all.You slammed down on Twilight’s castle balcony, the stonework chipping under your hooves, and after steadying yourself, you trotted in. It didn’t take long to find her. Twilight sat at her usual reading desk in her study, a few papers strewn about and a quill in her aura as she took notes. Probably getting her teaching materials ready for Anon. Good, that’ll make things simpler.Twilight, blinked and turned as you approached. ”Hey, Rainbow, I’m just getting rea—” She did a double take. “Whoa, what’s wrong?”“I’m fine,” you said, flatly. “I just need your help, okay?”She looked like she might argue for a moment but thought better of it. ”Sure. What do you need, Rainbow?”You steadied yourself, taking a deep breath. A big part of you wanted to run and not face him again after all this. You have no clue what will happen if you’re in a room with him again, seeing him look at you the way he does. But you had to. You had too many questions still. And you weren’t going to wait any longer. You’d thought long and hard about how you’d get the truth out of him, and you always kept coming back to this. Maybe there was another way, but right now, this was the only way you could think about.“Twilight, I want to be part of your lesson with Anon.”There was a kind of buzz in the air as you sat on your Crystal throne, emblazed with three crystal balloons. There was a box of freshly baked blueberry muffins by your side as hopefully celebratory muffins and not conciliatory muffins. You were barely able to keep yourself still, mind racing through scenario after scenario. It reminded you that you were, in nearly all situations, not good at sitting still, OR thinking still. Was thinking still even a thing? You definitely couldn’t stop thinking. That was hard.In any case, today your usual pep-in-your-step energy had twisted into the grump-in-the-dumps kind of energy—nervous, scared, muddy energy. Yuck… Hopefully everyone hurries up and gets here already so you could get the good news. Or the bad news. Or the good and bad news. Hopefully it was good news.Today marked Anons first progress report, and depending on how well he did with Rarity, he’d either move on and learn more lessons with Twilight, or well...  If he hadn’t made progress, or if he’d gotten worse, you’re not sure what would happen. If you and your friends couldn’t help him, would anypony be able to? Your frown deepened. Would he be able to make any friends? Would he end up alone because nopony understood he was different? A sick, dull feeling settled into the pit of your stomach and you could feel your eyes begin to water. Nonny didn’t like being alone… Well if nopony would be his friend, you’d just have to be the bestest, most dedicated friend ever to make up for it, because even if he didn’t let you do anything, he was still Nonny. And you really really liked Nonny.A door creaked open behind you and you turned, all of your previous anxiety coming back like a tidal wave. Twilight trotted in with several books and paper stacks in her magic, a chipper smile on her face. She looked up from a paper and went to wave hello then flinched when she saw you. “Uh…” she said.“Hi, Twilight!” you yelled across the room, trying to keep your eye from twitching. “Nervous?” Shoot you felt it twitching.Twilight looked you over, mouth hanging open before she shook her head and came over to the table. “Pinkie, you doing okay?” she asked, putting her things on the map.“YEP! Never better,” you said, beaming. “Can’t wait to see how Nonny’s doing. Really hoping my buddybestbuddy doesn't move away or something cuz he doesn’t have friends and everyone thinks he’s mean when he’s the sweetest human ever and that makes me really scared. Why?” Twilight stared at you for a good few seconds, mouth opening and closing as she struggled to come up with an appropriate answer to that. “Erm, Pinkie, you’re shaking.”You looked down at yourself and saw tremors running through your hind-legs. “HA! It’s like a little earthquake. Woopsie. Well you know I may be a teensy bit nerve wracked over it and all. Just, you know, it’s Nonny and if he gets lonely his harmony stuff with get all blegh and he'll go away without saying anything one night and I don’t know what I’ll do.”“It’s going to be okay, Pinkie. Anon’s harmony circuit is perfectly fine and plenty of ponies like him. He’s just needs help with adjusting, that’s all.”“Y-Yeah? Great.” you say, but you’re not the slightest bit relieved.You really hope she’s right. A Ponyville without Anon didn’t sound very fun at all. He’s kinda spoiled you, admittedly. Before Anon came along, you were perfectly content with the town as it was. But you’re not sure what you’d do without him now. The last few days taught you as much. You loved to share all your silly ideas, musings, jokes, and questions with Anon, and he always had something witty to say in return. And he’d always play around with you, no matter how wild you got, as long as it wasn’t dangerous anyhow. He was the yin to your yang, the other popsicle stick in a double pop, the 13th donut in your bakers dozen. Without him around, well, things weren’t the same. Your friends were amazing but you always felt like you couldn’t share everything with them. Anon was different.  He knew when you were being silly, and when you were being serious, but different. A lot of ponies didn’t really understand you, and that was okay! It’s fine to be a little out there, because it makes life fun and makes ponies happy. You just don’t want to be out there alone. But it wasn’t just that. You got worried whenever he isolated himself. More than anything, you wanted to see Nonny and know he was alright. You miss him…Rarity chose that moment to slam open the doors on the opposite side of the room. She stood, chest pushed out and a bright smile on her face as she trotted over to the map. “Twilight, Pinkie,” she said, nodding to you in turn. “Ciao, Darlings~ how have you been? Oh Pinkie, you look absolutely frozen shivering like that. Do you need me to get you a scarf or a hat? OH, I have just the thing.” Rarity lifted a scarf from one of her travel bags and wrapped it around your neck. “There we go, dear. All snug.”“Where’s Nonny?” you said, looking around and behind her. Oh gosh, it was bad news! He’d be here if it was good news.“Isn’t Anon supposed to be with you?” Twilight said.Rarity hopped up to her throne and settled into it as daintily as one might expect. Which to you was obnoxiously slow. “Oh, well, we have a lot to discuss about him and it wouldn’t do to have him present, so I told him to make himself comfortable in the reading wing.”Twilight gave you a look. Dangit, you wanted to see him at least. He probably thinks you’re still upset. But if he’s at least in the castle, you’ll get a chance. Just gotta do the meeting first. “Pinkie, can you wait just a little while longer? You know Anon better than either of us, and we need you here to discuss our next step. I’m sure he’s fine. I heard good things from townsponies.”You gave the large doors Rarity stepped through one last glance before sinking back into your chair and doing your best to calm your shivering. “I can wait,” you said with a sigh.Rarity gave you a smile then got out a small notepad covered in neat, cursive writing and flipped through it. “Very well… I’ll start from the beginning. We have a lot to go over so I suppose it’s best not to dally.”The next hour was a blur as Rarity went over the four days with Anon. He started out about as rough as you’d imagine, shying away from physical contact and acting ashamed of his arousal—particularly on the first night sleeping in the same bed. Though thankfully there was no issue with his libido itself. You leaned forward when she described feeling his member nestling between her cheeks and how she had to assure him it was perfectly fine and natural. Anon’s stallionhood gave away his interest in Rarity, as well as other mares, and it did so often. About as much as the average teenage colt apparently, who were infamous for needing constant attention. Nonny was a lewd one deep down alright. All the more reason to help him.Anyhow, Nonny and Rares learned an awful lot about one another, sexually and otherwise, which made you get that happy tingly feeling you sometimes get when you have a surprise for someone. Nonny still got aroused by seeing ponies rut in public, though his sense of unease over it had stopped. Sex was just part of life here, and he’d accepted that on some level. That showed in how he conducted himself around it, but it was clear despite his progress that he had plenty of room for improvement. Rarity made sure to mention in particular that Anon was afraid to expose himself in any way, something Twilight took special note of.Poor Non… Nopony should be afraid to show their bits, especially when Non had nothing to be afraid of. He looked super different but in a good way. Oh well. All in good time. Despite all the work that needed to be done, he was still one lesson down. Nonny was making progress, and you knew he’d like Twilight. You giggled to yourself and looked over to her. She was deep in her notes and you could see how her eyes lit up when Rarity shared something new she hadn’t known about Nonny. Twi was cute, enthusiastic, smart, and loved to try new things. And at her core, she was an introvert like Anon. You hope they have a good time together. That’s all you really want.At this point, Rarity and Twilight were going back and forth on Anon’s esteem issues and something about Zecora's potions but you hadn’t been paying attention. Even now as you tried to figure out what was going on, the references to science papers and magic formulae had your attention slipping more and mo—OH! You could give Nonny a muffin.“Muffin time,” you said with a chipper smile.Twilight flinched, then quirked an eyebrow at you. “Muffin— time?”“Yep! Want a muffin before I give one to Nonny?” you said, opening the box.“Wait, Pinkie, what about your lesson?” Twilight said, sitting up. “I’ll be back.”“We both know you won’t. If you start hanging out with Anonymous, we’ll never get you back here.”She was right of course. The moment you saw him, you weren’t going to come back. Nonny had that effect on you. When you were together, you lost track of everything else, like being with him put fresh air in your lungs and a fullness in your chest. Saying goodbye as the sun set was often the hardest part of your days with him. But you knew you didn’t want to think about the lessons or the plans or anything like that. You just wanted to see him.Twilight, decided to press when you didn’t answer. “Rarity covered a lot of etiquette as a foundation so we should figure out what each of us is doing. Do you have something in mind yet?”“Nope,” you said, handing each of them a muffin and setting it down on a napkin. “I’ll just wing it.”Twilight looked like a screw blew loose hearing that. “But what if we have overlaps! What if one of us plans a lesson but he doesn’t have any of the prerequisites! He’ll be lost and flunk it!” Oh fuzz, here she goes…“And what if there’s some big, human cultural misunderstanding! What if something we try to teach is a big no-no for humans and he gets offended and—”You shoved a muffin into Twilights mouth. She glared at you and you’re pretty sure she said “Pinkie!” but it came out more like “Pfffnnny!” “Nonny is still Nonny” you said, replacing the muffin on her napkin. “When my turn comes, we’ll figure it out.”Seeing she’d get nowhere with you like usual, Twilight simply huffed and chewed her muffin. Rarity meanwhile said a curt thank you for her own treat as she took a small bite, waving you off when offered a second.“We’ll be alright here, dearie,” Rarity said. “Go ahead. He’ll be happy to see you.”You resisted the urge to do a little dance in place hearing that. Okay, Nonny time! With that, you headed out, muffins balanced on your back. As you trotted away, you noticed a small pep back in your step.--You put aside yet another novel, setting it atop a steadily growing stack without bothering to leave a bookmark. There was something to be said about the enormous variety of books in Twilight’s reading room, though you shouldn't be surprised. This was Twilight we were talking about. It wasn’t a library’s worth, seeing as the Golden Oaks burned down some time ago, but she’d worked hard to gather some semblance of her old collection. When she first showed you around the castle, she took you right to this room and ran around, picking out books she thought were interesting or special in some way. She told you which ones she found at yard sales, which were gifts from townsponies, which ones she picked up at dusty old bookstores up in Canterlot.  It was amusing watching Twilight struggle to not spoil the books, but still try to pitch and talk about them with someone.You picked up another book, and flipped through it idly before putting it back. Regardless of the variety, you couldn’t find anything that grabbed your attention. All you could think about was the meeting. You had a lot to be proud of, to be fair. You worked hard, studied hard, and generally made good progress. Rarity was ecstatic on the way back from the park yesterday, going on and on about how proud she was. And how good you taste. That was quite the compliment coming from Rarity. You clear your throat. Anyways, you weren’t sure about transferring to a new pony yet. Twilight was a smart mare, and she’d be a great teacher too. She could be just a bit overzealous at times. And you’re pretty sure whatever crazy act she had you try, it was going to be public. That was your biggest hang up right now, and Rarity no doubt was discussing the issue with Twilight and Pinkie.You drag a finger along the spine of one of the books, the title already forgotten as your eyes glided across it. Pinkie… You wonder what she was thinking through all of this. The last time you saw her, she looked like she’d been drained, whittled down to a different pony. You let out a long sigh, and grabbed a book at random. Whatever the case, there was no use obsessing over it now. You’d see her when she was ready to see you again, not before. You miss her is all.As you turned to head back to your reading spot, you froze. Standing in the doorway with a box on her back, stood Pinkie Pie. She gave you a meek wave and took a half step into the room, as if courting a hurt animal.“Heya, Non,” she said softly. “Sorry… I didn’t say anything. I had a lot of ideas on how to say hi and I sorta couldn’t choose when I saw you. It’s like that thing where you really want to say the right thing but you’re really really scared it won’t come out right so you just don’t say anything but now it’s kinda tumbling out and sorry but I missed you a lot and c-can I have a hug?”You blinked, unsure what to say to that and doubly stunned to see her. Practically on instinct and doing your best to ignore the moisture in your eyes, you took a few steps toward her and kneeled down, opening your arms. About halfway through the motion her face lit up and she shifted the box off her back then leapt toward you. A happy, squirming ball of warm, pink fluff filled your arms as Pinkie buried her face into your shoulder. She wrapped her hooves around you, squeezing you tight while letting out a happy, somewhat pained sound.“I missed you, Nonny,” she said, voice muffled against your shirt. There was a small ache to her voice that pained you to hear.“I missed you too, Pank.”She tensed at that, pressing more into your chest and hugging you tighter for a moment, before bouncing back to face you with a smile. “Thanks. I needed that.”“I did too.” You really did. More than she’ll know.Pinkie puffed her chest out a little then turned to retrieve the box she dropped. “Wawa wuffin?” she said, holding the box in her mouth.You quirked an eyebrow then took it from her, freeing up her mouth. “What now?”“Muffins!” she said, flipping open the box.Your stomach grumbled the moment your eyes saw the assortment of muffins, including what looked like a blueberry one sitting tempestuously at the top.You loved this horse.--Pinkie didn’t say much about your lessons during her visit. No remarks about your progress or how far you had to go. No asking if she could blow you or when you’d want to have sex. Instead, Pinkie went on about what the rest of the girls had been up to in the last few days, in her own scattershot way. You chimed in here and there, which sent her off on new tangents usually, as you reminded her of something else she’d yet to share. It was… nice. It reminded you how much you loved spending time with her. The two of you could go on like this for hours. Eventually, you heard the oak doors of the meeting room creak open and you knew your time had come to an end.Pinkie heard it too, and smiled up at you, little muffin crumbs clinging to her chin and tuft “I guess it’s Twilight’s turn huh?” she said in an uncharacteristically quiet voice. She hesitated for a moment, her smile faltering. “Um, by the way, Thank you, Nonny. It means a lot that you’re doing this for us.”You pulled her close, a warm feeling filling your center. “Thanks, Pinkie. I’m sorry that I—you know.”She tapped her hooves together for a moment, seeming to roll something around in her noggin before answering you. “Nonny, just so you know, even if you change your mind and decide you don’t want to do this anymore—I’ll still be your friend, okay?” You blinked, looking down at her, and she gave you her usual, bright smile then hopped off your lap.  “I’ll see you in a few days! Have fun please, okay?”You waved as she headed off, feeling strangely unsure if there had been something unsaid between you. Before you could give it much thought, Twilight and Rarity came out of the map room, giving you friendly smiles and exchanging unreadable looks.“Anonymous, darling, it’s been wonderful,” Rarity said as she trotted up to you. “But our time together is at an end, at least for a little while. I’ve played my part here, and now it’s time for Twilight to take over.”You kneeled down and looked into her beautiful, ice-blue eyes. “Thanks for everything, Rares. You taught me a lot. I’ll do my best to keep everything you said in mind.”Rarity put her hooves up and you moved in for a hug. The two of you embraced, Rarity nuzzling into the side of your neck. “Dear, would it be too much trouble for you to give me one last feel? Between Twilight and Pinkie, I won’t be seeing you for nearly a week.”You laughed. “Sure, Rarity. You don’t have to tell me twice.”You reached one hand down and cupped it around her plot, feeling her beautifully soft fur under your hand. Your fingers pressed in, creating slight indents in her bum as the mare leaned into you, moaning under her breath. Another hand reached down and you roughly grabbed the other cheek and gave it a slap. The sound rang out through the room and Rarity gasped, one of her hind legs rising off the ground as she pushed into you more.“Oh, darling, I’m going to miss these hands.” She lowered her eyes and gave you a smoldering look as she moved a hoof to your crotch. Her frog gently teased at the head of your now erect member. “And I’ll certainly miss feeling you nestled on my plot in the mornings. Maybe next time you can put it inside instead of just teasing me, mm?” She leaned up and gave you a little peck on the cheek, then trotted away. “Take care, dear, and Twilight, remember what I said about being pushy. He’s wonderful if you give him space to act on his own. Be patient and you’ll see what I mean.”“Got it!” Twilight called back as Rarity left the library. With that, the two of you were alone. Twilight stood there, grinning up at you in that insatiably enthusiastic, manic way that only she could.“Sooo,” you said, dragging out the word.Twilight leaned forward, her eyes practically shining. “Yeah?”“You want to do something?”“Like what?” she said in a sultry tone. Her eyes lowered and she looked to the side as if to be coy.“A movie?”Twilight deflated at that. “Oh... I assume no blowjob with it?”“I promised Pinkie my first on that front.”She twisted her mouth and thought for a moment. “Snuggles?” Twilight said, giving you a hopeful look. Damn these cute horses and their adorable faces.You walked past her, ruffling her hair. “Snuggles are fine.”“Yes! Don’t worry, Anon, I studied all the techniques and brushed up on my lewd theory. I think I can make you feel really good with optimal body contact. If we do it right, maybe I can get you in the mood for something more.”Oh it was going to be an interesting few days...You sighed as you nibbled your daisy burger and stared at the enigmatic stallion on the other side of the table. Your lessons with Celestia never prepared you for a colt quite like this. Anon happily munched on his own food, blissfully unaware of the absolute cavalcade of pheromones wafting off of him. Pheromones that had been assaulting you for the past day and a half, nearly driving you mad. You lay your sandwich down and put your hooves on either side of your head. How had Rarity handled this? And why the heck did humans put out this many pheromones? Maybe it was some sort of human adaptation due to their lowered sense of smell? Whatever the case, it was incredibly potent by pony standards. You bathed in his pheromones when you slept together, and it was all encompassing when you woke up. He was pressed against you again this morning, smooth skin tickling at your fur, his cock hard and nestled against your tummy. Just a few inches below your mouth. A mouth that really really wanted to help lick that pre up and make sure Anon was spotless and clean before he woke up from whatever nice dream he was having. He’d gotten pretty horny a few times now, really needed to be taken care of. And your holes were all ready and waiting to be filled and used and have his thick seed dumped into you. Pump you full of foals and make you his broodmare. Oh Celestia please—! A long, powerful shiver ran through you. And maybe he could nip your ear and whisper in that darkly, husky voice—“Hey, Twi, if you’re not hungry, can I have your fries?” Your eyes shot open and you snatched your fries away from the table with your magic on instinct. Anon stared at you, frozen in place with a finger and thumb outstretched towards your plate. “Uh… okay. I mean you don’t have to share if you don’t want to.”“Sorry!” you said, embarrassment flooding in. “I’m sorry, I just, ugh, here.”You magicked over the lion’s share of your fries and turned to the side, trying to hide your blush with a hoof. Jeeze, he’s got you all twisted up now. Maybe that’s what happened to Dash? You shook your head and took a bite of your burger. No, this was no time to get distracted.  Your own relief had to wait. You had a stallion to help, and by Celestia’s tuft, you were gonna help him. While his pheromones had been a massive distraction, they also highlighted a major discrepancy. It was high time you got to the bottom of it.“Hey, Anon? What did you think about the mare you talked to in line?”Anon gave you a look. “The one with the pink and blue mane?”“Bon Bon, yes. She runs the candy store across the street.”“I dunno. She seemed really friendly, but a little stressed I guess? Maybe she’s had a lot on her plate lately.”“I mean more like, did you notice anything about how she was looking at you?”Anon gave you a blank look, which slowly turned to embarrassment. “Why? Did I say something weird?”Celestia, it was worse than you thought. Bon Bon had given him so many little hints, asking if he’d like some candy at least twice, while her tail flicked and wagged. The scent of her need was clear as day to you. And Bon Bon never gave out free candy unless she really really liked you. Anon meanwhile had completely ignored the poor mare with a smile, saying thank you but he’d rather not have any sweets right now. The look on that mare’s face when he said that made your heart ache. Despite having a potent scent himself, he seemed totally unaware of the effect he had on mares.Humans didn’t really work off scent, so it made sense that he didn’t smell your arousal. But even then, when mares were flagging and blushing up a storm, he assumed they were nervous or brushed it off. It was like he thought, as a human, he wouldn’t be desirable to mares. Even last night when you cuddled and watched a movie, you felt him get stiff against your leg, and before you could even give him the bedroom eyes and ask if he was as ready as he looked, he shied away and mumbled a short apology. It was heartbreaking. Someone or something back in his world had taught him to be this way—to think his interest was something to be ashamed of, to think he didn’t deserve to get relief when he needed it. That was so wrong and horrible and you wanna have a strong word with whoever made this poor colt think that!You took a sip of your Dr. Pony and frowned. The moment you realized how much he’d internalized those thoughts though, all the pieces fell into place. Like an avalanche, old memories resurfaced. The way he showered and pulled the curtain around his body when you asked if he needed a bigger towel; That time the girls wanted to do a sleepover with him and he didn’t seem to understand why you invited him; The way he dressed in clothes that hid most of his form, even when you went to the running of the leaves together. And how he avoided you afterwards, when you’d been bathing in each others scent the whole way. He wasn’t just uncomfortable. He felt guilty. What kind of world was Earth that a sweet guy like Anon would think that? You bit your lip, looking up at the strange stallion, who for all the world looked happy as ever just enjoying a simple sandwich. You were gonna protect that smile, and you were gonna make sure he knows how sweet and special and nice he was, and not just to you. Several of the girls, to varying degrees, had feelings for Anon. And ALL of them had fantasies involving him. You probably held the bulk of them honestly, but that wasn’t the point! You WANTED to make him feel good because he was your friend and you liked him. The more time you got to spend with him, the more you had started to realize that. And more than anything, you wanted to teach him how much he had to offer. But if you just told him outright, he’d never believe you. It was going to take you showing him. For the last few hours, you’d been racking your brain, trying to figure out how you were going to do that. This was something that would take time if you were gentle about it like Rarity advised. But you only had a few days with him. And you didn’t want to sit around, knowing he was so uncomfortable and unhappy expressing his needs. So that left only one option you could think of, and it was a doozy. Oh, Celestia, you hope this doesn’t backfire… if he ends up hating you, you don’t know what you’d do. But you had to try. For him.“Anon…?” you started, swallowing your nervousness and steeling yourself. “I have an idea for a lesson today. Do you trust me?” He chuckled. “Depends. Is it going to hurt or involve sex in public?”Horseapples this may be a bad idea. “P-Probably only one of those things.” He gave you a look. “The spell is totally painless?”He sighed, then finished the last bite of his sandwich. “Alright fine. I promised I’d try at least. What does it do?”“I can’t tell you.”“Well that’s where my trust stops.”You bit your lip. “I know it sounds a little weird, Anon. You have every right to refuse, but I just want to help, and I really think this is the best way. It’s not going to make you do anything you don’t want to—I just need to show you something, and I really think it’ll help you.”That was the best you could come up with, you realized. It was a simple plea, one that presumed he trusted you at all in the first place, but it was the truth. Anon took a moment to mull it over and you sat there for what felt like an agonizing minute before he responded.With a sigh, Anon said, “Fine. I trust you, Twi. Just one condition, okay?”“Anything.”“Please make sure I keep my promise to Pinkie, okay? She gets the first blowjob. I promised. And Rainbow is important too. I promised her my uh… first, if you know what I mean.”You sat there for a moment, unsure what to say to that. Jeez this guy… what a cutie. “Okay I promise."“Alright,” he said getting up and stretching. “No reason to drag it out I suppose. Hit me.”Okay, phew, just breathe, filly, and cast like you practiced. You aimed your horn and let out a burst of magic. It connected with his chest and enveloped him a bright, lavender aura that grew brighter and brighter as you poured more magic into it. It was a complex spell, but you’d studied and restudied any spells you thought you might need when Anon came over. This was like going through the motions now, and you couldn’t wait to see him have fun with it. Just a little bit more magic here and a smidge for you and… there! The aura surged to a blindingly bright light, then with a small chime, completely popped and disappeared. Anon looked down at his chest, then to his hands, front to back.--“Uh… did it work?” you said, looking up at Twilight.The mare in question smiled gleefully, practically bouncing in her seat. “Oh, It’s perfect! Anon this is going to be so much fun,” she said, clapping her hooves together. “Okay, I’ll explain. Right now one of your biggest issues is you’re afraid of taking initiative where others can see you.”“Well yeah… It’s kinda weird to expose myself and have sex in public.”“Exactly!” she said, pointing a hoof. “That’s why I choose this spell. It’s PERFECT for letting you try things stress free!” Twilight bounded out of her seat, ran over and jumped up into your lap. Or at least tried to. Instead she bounded past you, grabbed the air, and clunked her head on the table right next to you. “Woops,” she said, her slip up apparently not having phased her. “Need a small adjustment on the variance compensation visor.”With a quick flare of her horn, an almost indistinguishable purple shimmer around her eyes appeared, like goggles of some kind, and grew a bit thicker. She blinked a few times, then looked straight at you. “All clear now. Hi, Anon!”You gave her a limp wave. She quickly waved back with a bright smile on her face… dang that was adorable.“Alright Twi, you going to tell me what the spell does?”“How about a hooves on lesson?” Twilight said, grabbing your arm and dragging you across the street.Not for the first time in your life, you found yourself wondering why Unicorns hadn’t just taken over the world. If, for instance, Celestia came out of her castle one day and said all other races should be united under the banner of friendship, by force if necessary, the Unicorns would get it done in an afternoon.Nearly all of them could pick stuff up with their minds, and most could cast at least a handful of intricate spells. Usually utility spells, stuff that helped them out with their daily lives or talent, but if they could master that effortlessly, what else could they do, you know? And fewer still could shoot raw magic from their horns without breaking a sweat.But that wasn’t what made you wonder, or convinced you it’d be easy, for that matter. What convinced you it would be easy were mares like Twilight and Glimmer. They were geniuses when it came to magic. It was just that, despite that genius, they were also astounding idiots. At least when it came to the implications of their talents. Glimmer, for instance, clearly hadn’t the faintest grasp why you shouldn’t alter pony’s minds, and she routinely used mind-warping hypnosis for simple friendship problems. Didn’t want to drink your partners cum? Hypno them into a major cumslut for like a minute and they’ll be more than happy to oblige. Easy fix. No questionable ethics issues with that, no sir. And Twilight… well…She was a whole other animal.You snapped your fingers in front of Bon Bon as she hastily put dollops of red candy batter onto a sheet. Meanwhile Twilight nodded along as the other mare explained what had her so tense lately. Apparently, Bon Bon had a big candy order from Canterlot—something to do with a special ingredient that took time to gather. Point was, when you snapped right in front of her, she didn’t even flinch. Twilight on the other hand gave a flick of her ears and a quick glance towards you. A shadow of a smirk formed on her muzzle and she put a hoof to her mouth to block it. What a dastardly little horse wizard…She hadn’t made you invisible and inaudible, like you originally thought. Twilight had made you impossible to notice. You reached out and began to gently pet Bon Bon, running your hand from the top of her head to her withers. The tense mare arched a bit and leaned into your touch, but didn’t so much as pause in her conversation, or otherwise give any indication she knew you were there. Yet Bon Bon’s body still reacted on a subconscious level. It was exciting to say the least, yet you couldn’t help but feel it was a bit wrong too. You couldn’t just feel up a mare without her permission. You groaned and leaned against the counter.  Like you said earlier, Twilight was a genius with magic. But she could be an idiot with everything else.“Twi, I don’t know what you’re expecting me to do here. I’m not going to take advantage of Bon Bon just because I can.” Twilight didn’t answer but you saw a flash of worry on her face. “She can’t say no. Besides, I don’t even know her and—”“Um, excuse me, Bon Bon?” Twilight said. “Sorry to interrupt, but I have a question. Asking for a friend.”Bon Bon looked taken aback, though not offended. “Oh, um sure. I’ll help if I can.”“What would you say to Anon giving you some relief?”Goddamn, Twi, at least be a little tactful about it. It was normal to be up front about sexual interest in pony society, but that didn’t stop that familiar, uncomfortable feeling from worming it’s way up your center. Or was this just nerves?“Oh...” Bon Bon said, rubbing a forehoof and looking to the side. “I don’t think he’s interested, but I’d be really really flattered if he asked. I mean, I’d have asked but he’s so shy and I’m so busy anyways. I really shouldn’t have bothered him in the first place. But at the same time...” Bon Bon rubbed her back thighs together and let out a little mewl. “That would have hit the spot today. Rarity has been talking up his fingers in town.”An oven dinged and Bon Bon dragged herself over, put a strange mit around her muzzle and pulled out a sheet of steaming red candies. She clacked it down on a drying sheet, then reloaded the oven with the next batch. Bon Bon then gathered up her next ingredients in a bowl and began to mix them together with a spoon while she kicked the oven shut. “Honestly, when I came over earlier, I wasn’t hoping for anything like that,” she said with a half-hearted shrug.  “I just thought maybe he’d like some strawberry ribbon. I heard he liked that flavor. And I figured maybe he’d feel more welcome if someone besides you six reached out. Ever since he started his lessons with you girls, well…” She paused in her stirring for a moment, a flash of annoyance appearing on her face before continuing. “Let’s just say there’s been some baseless rumors floating around, and I know what it’s like when you get a reputation. Anon’s way too sweet to deserve any of that. But if he’s really not interested, I won’t bug him.”“He’s more interested than you think,” Twilight said, darting a glance your way again. “He just has a hard time expressing that interest.”“I doubt that,” Bon Bon said with a weary look. “I won’t hold my breath but I’d be more than happy to have sex with him sometime. I hope he doesn’t mind a mess though. I’m a bit of a squirter.”Twilight smiled and gave you a look. You could feel the blood rushing to your face as the image of this mare shaking and cumming like a fire hydrant came to mind. In any case, Bon Bon was not only willing but specifically wanted the attention. Suddenly there was a small buzz in your mind and you saw Twilight’s horn flicker. ‘I’d say that just about confirms things.’ Twilight’s voice echoed in your head with all the smugness you expected. Meanwhile the purple mare nodded along with Bon Bon as she began venting some frustrations about being so busy. ‘Bon Bon’s really tense right now. She could use someone to help her relax,’ Twilight said between her own additions to her audible conversation. Leave it to Twilight to maintain two conversations at once. ‘Why don’t you go behind the counter and try using your mouth? It’ll be good practice. Good oral skill is known to be a great confidence booster, and~’ She paused and you swore you could hear a smirk in her voice. ‘I know a few mares who would really appreciate that.’Pinkie’s smiling face flashed through your mind, along with the promise you’d made. You don’t want to just receive from mares all the time. Of course, you didn’t have to return the favor.  Pinkie never expected anything in return. She just did things for ponies because the act itself made her happy. But you wanted to. No, you wanted more than that. You wanted to give Pinkie a mind melting orgasm, to hear her call your name and wrap her legs around your head. You wanted to see her stammer and shiver as she came down from the high, and you wanted to see her smile and let out that musical giggle she had after she could think again.“Th-That one was a doozy, Nonny,” she’d say. “Thank you.”And Dash…  You’d been thinking about her more and more lately. Last time you saw her, she’d flown away with tears in her eyes. Dash had been a steadfast friend ever since you came here—opened up to you in ways you’ve never had a friend do. And you suspect she’d never done with anyone ever. Behind her tomboyish exterior, Dash was fragile, and what you thought meant the world to her. While you might have tried to be a good friend, to be respectful to her, your actions had hit her like a freight train. It would take a lot more than words to have her trust you again. It would take doing. It would take showing her you were willing to learn and reach out a bit.Yeah… you want that. You want to treat both of them to a wonderful feeling that only friends can share in this world. But for now, you had to get better, and Bon Bon could use your help.A quick trip around the counter and you came up behind the mare, more than pleased to see what you had to work with. Bon Bon had a shapely bottom, not large as you might have expected from a candy artisan but it had a nice perkiness to it and a fair bit of muscle underneath, likely a result of her earth pony heritage. You got down on your knees behind her, unsure exactly where to start. There was still that nagging instinct that Bon Bon would freak out or hate you if you just grabbed her. Even though she’d said it’d be fine.‘Just do what comes naturally, Anon. It’s okay.’You glanced up at Twilight and saw her give a reassuring smile, though only briefly before returning to her conversation. Right… just do what comes naturally. That’s what Rarity had tried to tell you.You did the first thing that came to mind. You grabbed a handful of Bon Bon’s flank. A breath left you as the sensation of velvety fur tender bottom gave way under your fingers. Her rear felt like putty in your hands, though not in that fatty way.  She had a firmness to her, though you could tell she still sampled her own sweets from time to time by the layer of fat that your hand found itself nestling into. The mare didn’t pause in her work, but as your fingers pressed into her smooth fur and you began rubbing circles with her ass, she gave an involuntary twitch.‘Good job. Keep going.’ Twilight said, an excited tinge to her mind-voice.You let out a breath. “Okay, yeah, so far so good.” What next then?Bon Bon’s legs shifted and your eyes were drawn to her thighs. There was something inexplicably attractive about pony legs. Maybe it was how different they were to a human female’s, or maybe it was just how toned and full they looked. Regardless, you found your hands trailing up her legs, fingers gliding along her curves. Bon Bon, you’d noticed, had a particularly cute set of thighs that framed her butt and you couldn’t help but marvel and give them an appreciative squeeze. It was a bit awkward at first, just groping what was effectively not an erogenous zone, but when you heard a telltale sharp intake of breath from Bon Bon, you knew this was having an effect on her. Maybe not mentally, but subconsciously, it excited her—it teased her. Deep in her mind, she enjoyed being touched, but after some time, it became a maddening tease to both of you.As if to draw your attention, Bon Bon’s tail listed to the side, giving you a tantalizing glimpse of her vulva. With a long exhale, you leaned back, pressed your thumb against her outer lips, and pulled her labia to the side. Her inner walls were a pleasant shade of pink, and a thin sheen of wetness shined in the light.“Wow…” you said, strangely mesmerized looking at her.This close you could smell the light aroma of powdered sugar and strawberry shampoo on her tail, but alongside it was something more. Her feminin scent stood out as sweet, though it didn’t resemble sugar exactly—more like honey with a tangy note. Wonder what she tastes like? You leaned in, hesitating halfway before deciding to just go for it. Your tongue touched against her vulva before you pulled away. The taste lingered and… it wasn’t bad, you realized. She tasted just like she smelled; sweet with a little bit of tang that reminded you of some kind of citrus. It was pleasant if anything. You went in for a second taste, this time giving her a genuine lick from top to bottom. Her marehood tensed immediately, her body reacting to a stimulus that never reached her mind as you dragged your tongue up her folds. Her back legs trembled. Bon Bon paused and readjusted, but otherwise went on baking.You giggled to yourself. This was kinda fun. Somewhere in the back of your mind, you were trying to remember the methods Rarity taught you, the algorithms for pleasure, as it were. But all you could feel was lust overtaking your mind, the desire to make this mare moan and shudder and cry out. You wanted to find her every weak point, take this pony and make her a pleasure riddled, sweaty mess. Feeling a little more brazen, you grabbed her hips and pulled her closer before trailing little kisses up and down her thighs. Her butt even received an experimental nibble, that you were pleased to see made her tail jump, as well as earned an excited wink from her lower half. Bon Bon let out a small sound but otherwise didn’t react.  Her body, however, knew instinctively what was going on.  Each peck was a hint, a way to tease her subconscious of things to come. Her mons grew hot, with a small tinge of red around the edges, and a thin trail of syrupy marejuice stretched from her labia to the floor.You could see Twilight bite her lip from the corner of your eye as she helped magic over the next tray of candy, allowing you to keep Bon Bon where she was. ‘She’s blushing a lot now,’ Twilight said, breathlessly.You smiled, noting the tinge of pink in Twilight’s own face. “She’s not the only one.”Twilight squirmed. Something about that motivated you even more. It was one thing to watch Bon Bon’s body react to your attention, but it was another to see the lust clear on Twilight’s face. You’d give her some attention too, but for now, your entire focus remained on the mare in front of you.With Bon Bon sufficiently teased, you moved up and planted a kiss on her marehood, savoring the taste and smell of her once more. Immediately you were rewarded with a shudder that ran up through the mare’s spine along with a small squirt of marecum that landed across your nose. You blinked, eyes crossing to look at the shiny clear liquid before you grinned. Oh Yeah. Bon Bon was definitely a squirter. If she was already peppering you with fluids now, she probably came like a waterfall. You leaned back in, pressing your face into her most private place and began to lick up and down her marehood, feeling the slick velvety insides along your tongue. By now, her body was starting to shiver periodically, her tail flicking as she subconsciously backed into you. Her subconscious pleaded for more, instinct driving her to press closer to her stallion. You could even hear the little hitches in her breathing as she spoke now, each one punctuating another graze of your tongue. Her wetness was all enveloping. It had soaked into your tongue, your lips, your nose. You groaned, feeling your own need rising as your erection brushed against her leg, but you fought the urge to tend to it.  Everything was focused on Bon Bon tender flank and her glistening marehood.A bell chimed at the door, and the mares looked up to see a small herd come in, likely an after lunch rush looking for something sweet.“I’ll be right, hah, with you,” Bon Bon said, breathlessly.The ponies gave a nod and told the candy mare to take her time before milling about and browsing her premade goods for the time being. Without any way for them to notice your attention, you saw no need to slow down. You went right back without a second’s thought, this time giving Bon Bon’s clit a few gentle nudges with your tongue, your nose, your thumb. No part of this mare remained untouched or untasted.‘Anon…’ Twilight’s voice interrupted your thoughts, tinged with desperation. ‘She’s so close… Oh Celestia she’s going to cum.’A small shudder ran through you. You brought a hand up and smacked it across Bon Bon’s flank, the slap ringing out in the shop. Twilight’s ears flicked back on instinct but Bon Bon didn’t hear a thing. Instead one of her legs kicks up, like a dog getting it’s chin scratched and she let out an involuntary moan. Even she noticed that one.“Oh,” Bon Bon said breathlessly, putting a hoof to her forehead and doubtless finding it steaming. “What was I? W-Why does it feel so hot in here? I… oooh...”She let out a full bodied pant as her body convulsed. She’d hit the point of no return. You doubled your efforts, rubbing in circles around her clit while shoving your tongue as deep as you could inside her. Bon Bon let out a small squeak, her eyes getting a far off look as her tongue lolled out of her mouth. “What’s going onaaaaAAAH! Oh Celestia!!”Every pony in the shop turned at once as Bon Bon’s voice pitched high and she screamed. Marejuice sprayed from her marehood, cascading over your face once, twice, three times as she howled and shook with pleasure. Her body squirmed in your grasp like a bucking bronco, and you held tight, keeping your mouth pressed against her folds, pushing her orgasm further. You painted her clit with every letter of the alphabet, driving this mare further and further into the throes of her orgasm.  Tears streamed from her eyes as she thrashed and tensed, each wave of pleasure crashing over her in a seemingly endless torrent. But eventually you relented, and the tide of marespunk pittered out and her convulsions slowed to a stop. She stood rigid for a moment, then went limp in your arms all at once, her torso and face collapsing onto the counter. Her legs twitched as you held her, gently holding her up to stop her from falling to the floor. Twilight held Bon Bon’s bowl of candy mix, hovering it safely out of reach in her aura and continuing to mix it as she waited for Bon Bon to recover. Bon Bon lay still as the ponies threw confused glances at one another, fresh blushes adorning their cheeks. To their eyes, a mare had just cum her tail off for no reason, and for a while, nopony knew what to say.Bon Bon eventually broke the silence, her voice raspy and breathless. “I came? W-What? Why? Nng—!” She twitched as you planted a kiss on her nethers once more. She was still sensitive. The mare moaned, pressing her face into the countertop. “Oh Celestia, did I get hair trigger’s disease. Oh no, not now. I have that whole order to fill.”Twilight glanced at you with a question in her eyes and you nodded.“Go ahead,” you said. “She should know the truth.”‘Are you sure? There’s a crowd here.’You let out a sigh. “Yeah, but Bon Bon’s more important right now. I’ll deal with the embarrassment.”Twilight’s chest puffed out and she gave you the biggest, proudest look you’ve ever seen. And damn did it feel good. Her horn flared and with a quick pop, the room gasped. You had become noticeable once more and you gave the crowd a sheepish look.“H-Hey guys. Fancy meeting you here. Um… you guys try the Honey Drops yet?”Bon Bon turned and practically jumped. Her face reddened down to her neck and her eyes went wide at the sight of you, marecum plastered over your nose, mouth and down your neck, erection attempting to burst through your jeans. Yeah you were probably a bit of a lewd sight right now, admittedly.Bon Bon’s nethers winked and she squeaked out a response. “A-Anon?” You could see the gears turning in her head as she put one and two together. “I thought—but you—when did you? OhmycelestiaIdidn’tgettoshower.” She slapped her forehooves over her face and whimpered.“Well, for the record…” You leaned forward and planted a kiss right on her cutie mark. Her breathing hitched. “I thought you smelled amazing.”With the sun setting in the windows of the shop, you stretched your arms high above your head until you heard a cluster of pops, then let out a sigh. Bon Bon, who had fallen asleep in your lap, murmured something and flicked an ear in response, but otherwise didn't stir. She was pretty tuckered out after everything.It had been a busy day for all three of you. Bon Bon had been unable to do much after her big orgasm, and seeing as you were the one responsible, you volunteered to help finish the order. Bon Bon, of course, got a bit fussy when you offered, but when she went to stand, her legs gave out from under her. Her protests died down to reluctant, pouty murmurs after that. In truth, she needed the help, and she knew it. Bon Bon just found it too hard to ask.Twilight opted to work alongside you, using her magic to create an assembly line of sorts while you took care of customers and mixed ingredients on the side. Bon Bon couldn’t help but nitpick the whole process from the sidelines, reminding Twilight of everything from keeping the candy distributed evenly on the sheet, to making sure they didn’t boil. And the moment she could stand again, she insisted on finishing everything herself.You were having none of that.You picked her up, laid her on the counter, and told her with no room for argument that you were going to help, but if she was clearly still pent up if she was being this fussy you’d be getting in more oral practice. At least, as long as she kept fussing and trying to do everything herself. Something about the way that flustered her really made it fun. Which is why you did again when she tried to take over a second time, and once more when she tried a third. Bon Bon was a stubborn little horse. But she eventually gave up and worked alongside you, pouting the whole time.Eventually the order was finished and you spent the rest of the evening hanging out at the shop after hours. Bon Bon loosened up with her work done early, thankfully. It must have been a big weight off her shoulders, and you were glad to see her unwind finally and just talk with you. In particular, she had a lot of questions about where you came from, what you liked to do, what candies you liked, and so forth. The mare quickly became enthralled with having you try several of her homemade treats, telling you all about how they were made, what changes she made to each batch, and pressed you to give your thoughts. You weren’t much of a critic and didn’t have to lie to spare her feelings at all. Everything tasted great. Amusingly, Bon Bon was a bit frustrated by that. She genuinely wanted some critique on what worked best, but by the little puff in her chest, and that sneaky smile that she couldn’t keep off her muzzle, you knew it made her happy underneath all the blustering.Seriously though, Bon Bon didn’t have a candy cutie mark for nothing. There was a real charm to everything she made.As the day wound down and the shop reached it’s closing hours, you negotiated few more practice runs with Bon Bon. The mare had wanted to pay you some bits for your help today but you figured this would do you more good than money. She was understandably a bit grumpy about not getting a chance to return the favor, but after telling her about your promises to Pinkie and Dash, she reluctantly let it go. It was plain to see it bothered her to receive all the attention herself, but at the same time, she couldn’t help but love feeling of your tongue and fingers. You’d begun to learn the unique sensitivities to her—which spot to press with your tongue early, how rough to treat her clit when she was ready to cum. You even learned to keep her on edge for several seconds without letting her go over. It was a delicate art, with lots of gentle brushing and careful monitoring of her body language, but one that produced intense orgasms if you managed to pull it off. And it felt rewarding when you did. Bon Bon had a cute ‘O’ face and she got adorably loopy after a hard orgasm. After a few rounds of this, Bon Bon had all but collapsed and you let her fall asleep on your lap while running your fingers through her coat.There was a swell of pride in your chest, seeing her smiling in her sleep and nuzzling against you. This sweet little mare had been totally exhausted from pleasure, and it was all from you. Hopefully you’d learned enough to do that to Pinkie Pie. You really want to see her looking up at you, all loopy and blushing like Bon Bon had. Yeah…  And then you’d kiss that pon on her forehead and tell her she’s cute. You liked this plan.“How is she?” Twilight said as she finished wiping down the counter.“Out like a light,” you answered, gesturing towards the little mare in your lap. “Is her bedroom upstairs? I can tuck her in and meet you outside. No need to lock up, right?”“Bon Bon is one of the ponies who likes to.” Twilight flashed a small silver key and headed towards the door. “Don’t take too long. We have one last lesson before it gets too late, okay?”“Yes, ma'am,” you said, and gently cradled Bon Bon and headed to her loft.Bon Bon’s room was a simple one, though you took note of two beds, one with mint green sheets and another with pink. You laid Bon Bon down on the bed with pink sheets, assuming she like most ponies had a thing for color matching, and gently tucked her in. As you tiptoed out, you heard the rustle of sheets.“Anon?” You turned to see Bon Bon pushing herself up with her forehooves, eyes blinking blearily at you. “You heading out already? Here let me just—”You walked over and pressed your hand gently into her chest, easing her back down. “Go ahead and get some rest. We cleaned everything up. You don’t have to worry about anything. Just relax, okay? Those oral lessons took a lot out of you.”Bon Bon scrunched at you for a few moments then let out a sigh and lowered herself back into her bed. “You’re a real butt, you know that?”You let out a laugh. “Why’s that?”“Because you made me cum my brains out like six times and now I’m going to be sore for days. And you didn’t even let me return the favor!” You couldn’t help but laugh even harder at that. “Yeah laugh it up, Anon. After you’re done with your lessons and I can walk straight again, I’m going to get you back, you got that? We’ll see how you like it getting your cock sucked until you can’t think straight.”You smiled. “I gotcha, Bon. It’s a date.” She didn’t answer for a while but you heard her grumble something under her breath. “Good night, Bon Bon. I’ll see you around.” An with that, you softly shut the door and headed out.Time for the next lesson.--The sun hung low over The Four Corners park as its denizens milled about, chatting, playing games on the green, and overall just enjoying the cool fall weather. Or in several cases, fucking. More than a few groups decided to wind down the day with some casual sex, using the benches, or cool patches of soft grass to get comfortable, and the result was an orchestra of errant giggling, wet slapping sounds, and the occasional moan. Your knuckles turned white as you gripped the edge of the bench. And god help you, it was lewd. You normally avoided the park at this hour for this exact reason. It was a kind of voyeuristic candyland, with blowjobs, double teaming, anal, and more than a few instances of enthusiastic intercourse around the field. Damn horny horses...Several mares gave you and Twilight friendly greetings and asked how your day was—Cherry Berry, Amethyst, and Roseluck, just to name a few. More than one darted their gaze to your crotch while you talked to them, their tails swaying side to side, signaling where their mind was occupied, but didn’t bother you. It made you laugh inwardly if you’re being honest. They didn’t mean to leer, and it was a compliment here anyhow. Though you were close to saying ‘my eyes are up here’ to Sea Swirl, who absently pressed her muzzle right into your crotch with a hum when she saw you were half mast. Even in Equestria, not asking was a bit rude, so you gave her a flick on the nose and told her you weren’t looking for any help right now. She apologized and headed off to find another partner, which left you, Twilight, and a very awkward lesson plan.“You ready, Anon?” Twilight said, scooting closer to you on the bench. She put a hoof on your thigh in a comforting gesture, though it did little for your beating heart.“Yeah, a little. I just…” You let out a sigh. “Just kinda nervous I guess.”Twilight frowned for a moment and bit her lip. “I know you have some strong reservations about this, Anon. I just thought it’d be something we should try to work on. But if you really do feel nervous, we can—” With a pop, a list appeared in front of her. “Oh! We can head home and I can relieve you there. I’ll put on a blindfold, so you won’t feel nervous about me seeing you naked. I read a guide that said blindfolds can really excite some stallions and I’d be happy to give it a try. How’s that sound, Anon?”VERY LEWD. You gritted your teeth as you felt your face heat up at the image of Twilight, inches away from your cock in a blindfold.“That sounds—”“No good? You’re right. What if I end up hurting you because I can’t see what I’m doing.” She crossed it off her list.  “Sorry, I don’t have a list of your fetishes. This would be simpler if you’d just filled out my questionnaire.”You found yourself pinching the bridge of your nose. “Look, Twi, you’re fine. That sounds good actually. I’d like to, but I don't want to back out without even trying. This has been holding me back for a long time. I just need a minute, is all.”Twilight gave you a silent ‘oh’ and cleared her throat. “Right… sorry. Take your time.”You gave her a nod and closed your eyes. Okay, just focus.  It’s not a big deal here. Breath in and out and relax like Rarity taught you. It won’t cause a scene or anything, right. It’s nothing to be weirded out by. It’s normal... mostly normal. “Is it because of your world’s culture, or something else?” Twilight said.You blinked your eyes open and turned to a fidgeting Twilight. The mare held her tail in her hooves, kneading it absently. Was she nervous or just horny? Probably both.“Well…” You rubbed the back of your neck. “Not exactly.”“Then what?” she said. Twilight pushed closer to you again, her soft coat and wings brushing against your arm. Just the feel of her against your skin made your heart jump. “This has been a major hangup for you this whole time, and it has me worried. I can’t help if you don’t talk to me.”You sighed. Yeah she had a point. Twilight is doing this for you. The least you could do is help her out a little.“I…” you began. God, you can’t believe you’re saying this. “Don’t laugh, but I’m worried you guys will think I look weird.”Twilight gave you a blank look for a moment then it seemed to dawn on her. Her ears snapped back and she looked like someone had told her they couldn’t read. “Wait, you think we wouldn’t find you attractive? Do you...” She scooted close to your ear, dropping her voice to a whisper. “Do you think your penis looks weird?”You didn’t say anything, but from the change in Twilight’s expression, it must have shown on your face. “Well, I don’t look like a horse down there.”“And you’re worried about that?” Twilight said. “Anon, that’s what makes you interesting and unique. It’d be weird if everycreature had a horse penis.”Fair point. “Er… yeah and I guess. But even so, I’m not exactly the perfect human specimen overall, you know?”“You seem perfectly healthy to me.”“Not like that. I mean, like, with sexual appeal.”She gave you another long, blank stare. “What, you think if we see what you look like under your clothes we’re suddenly going to not want to have sex with you?” She gave you a friendly smile, which melted away when she saw you not smiling back. “Wait, really? So you really think...” She trailed off and looked past you. Her face went through a variety of emotions, confused, sad, angry. It was like she was reforming everything, compartmentalizing every analysis she had of you all over again. After a few moments, she spoke again, this time her voice hard.“Who... did this to you?”You blinked. “What do you mean?”Twilight took a long, slow breath, then looked you in the eyes. “Who taught you to be ashamed of yourself like this, Anon?” She said, her wings ruffling. “I thought I was wrong when I saw you with Bon Bon. You were confident and enthusiastic and you enjoyed yourself. It made me really happy to see you like that. But now I’m sure something is really wrong. Someone put the really nasty idea in your head that you’re not good enough, because everytime I see you second guess yourself, I get really upset.”“Twi, it’s not a big deal I just—”“No! Anon, it is a big deal and it’s really messed up.” Twilight reared up and put her hooves on your chest. “I want to know who took this nice, handsome stallion and made him think he was ugly, because you’re really cute and any mare would be lucky to have you!”You sat there, stunned into silence as Twilight’s chest heaved. Her stare bore deep. It was a look filled with frustration, and more than just the past days worth of distress. It sunk in then, that you’d never really stopped to consider Twilight’s feelings in all of this. You’d pleasured Bon Bon repeatedly in front of her, refused her advances for who knows how long, and she likely felt just as betrayed as the others when you masterbated. She’d always worked hard to make sure you were doing okay and felt comfortable in Ponyville, always asking if you needed anything. Had she wanted to be closer perhaps? Was that her way of trying to get to know you better? Maybe. You wouldn’t know. You hadn’t paid her much attention, had you? A heavy feeling settled in your gut. You really hadn’t been a good friend to her, even beyond the sex. Here she was, dedicating her time to helping you, and you haven’t opened up to her at all in the last two days. At the very least, couldn’t you at least trust her that much?You let out a breath you hadn’t known you’d been holding and ran your hand over your scalp. “Sorry, Twi. I just… I can try to explain as best I can. It’s just hard to talk about because It’s kinda personal and it has to do with my world. But you’re my friend, and I trust you. So if you really want to know why, I can do that.”Twilight slowly sank back down to her haunches and nodded to you. “You can tell me anything, Anon. I promise, I’ll do whatever I can to make it better.”“Alright, well,” you said, leaning back against the bench. “You asked who made me like this and really, the answer is… nobody. Or at least, nobody specifically. I’m not even unique in this case. There are a lot of humans like me and it’s considered pretty normal to be ashamed of your body. Like, uh—” You gestured with your hands, trying to think of an example. “In my world, we have all these different ways to transmit images, and we have a lot of humans in our world too—way more than ponies—and we all vary a lot in size and shape. We’re not generally pretty or cute like ponies.”Twilight perked up a little. “You think we’re cute?”“Oh, extremely,” you said booping her on the snout.  “Us humans really value visually appealing things. In fact, one of the things humans do is find the best examples of human aesthetics and we make images of it. We put those pictures out there all over the place for others to see. It’s like when Fluttershy had a modeling thing for a bit, right, and there’s Fleur and Sassy Saddles, the mares who model Rarity’s clothes. They’re really pretty right?”“Yeah, they’re considered really beautiful by pony standards.”“Right! Well imagine, ponies like them are all over the place, painted on buildings and billboards and posters. Maybe they’re selling things or maybe they’re just put there to be pretty and show that off, but in my world, this is the norm. Everyone just sees these beautiful, handsome figures all day every day. And well, I guess it doesn’t really translate exactly, but when you see those people all the time, and then I compare myself to the kinds of guys in magazines and movies, and even cartoons, well…”“You think you don’t measure up?”You gave her a limp shrug. “I mean, it’s not really even a question, honestly. I’m just kinda average. I don’t have abs like those guys, or piercing eyes, or a sharp jaw.”“I like your jaw.”You turned and gave Twilight a smirk while ruffling her mane. “Well thank you. I appreciate that. But the point is, I’m not used to thinking of myself as the kind of guy people would WANT to see naked. I’ve been taught all my life that I’m not.”“Well, I-I’d like to see you naked. It’s been something I’ve wanted to do for a while now actually...” Twilight’s face lit up like a tomato and her eyes flicked up to yours, then back down to the ground again. It made you giggle a bit. She was an adorable little dork sometimes.You cocked your head at her. “Really? Are you sure? You don’t even know what I look like under these clothes. Could end up really disappointed.”“No, that would never happen!” she said, suddenly looking determined. “In fact, I figure that’s almost an impossibility. I’ve seen you shirtless when we went swimming and I thought you looked perfect. And I wasn’t the only one. A lot of the girls have had a few fantasies from that weekend.”Oh… whoa okay.“But even if that wasn’t the case, Anon, it wouldn’t matter. You’re really amazing and you mean more to us than you know. I know it’s going to take more than that to believe me but you’re really cute, and smart and I can’t understand how humans would think any different. And even if you’re not perfect, I’m not going to think any less of you. Anon, you’re my friend and I like you. And—Anon, are you okay?”Fuck. You could feel the moisture forming at the sides of your eyes and you’d looked away on instinct, trying to wipe it with your hand. “Yeah. I just got something in my eyes. I’m good.”“You sure? It looks like you’re crying.”Goddammit. “YES! I’m very sure. Just give me a second.”“O-Okay, sorry. Maybe that was too much?”After a second of rubbing your eyes clear and taking a totally manly deep breath, you answered her. “No, it was good. I guess that was the pep talk I needed.” You put a hand to her cheek and she flinched, then eventually settled into it, eyes moving to meet yours. Her look held a question.  “You’re a really good friend, Twi. Thank you.”Her chest swelled up and she gave you one of the cutest, happiest smiles you’ve ever seen on a pony. Heccin’ cutie. Okay, enough with the mushy stuff.“Well long as you’re sure. I trust you, okay Twi?” you said, hooking your fingers into your jeans and tossing her a glance.Twilight snapped out of her trance. “Oh! Yes!” she said, nodding frantically.  “As long as you think you’re ready, that is. Oo, but this is so exciting! After this, you should let me photograph you so I can send references to the Equestrus Copulatus.”“The what now?”“It’s a scientific group. They compile all the sexuall differences between species and put them in a compendium for mares and stallions interested in exotic sex. You can even order toys shaped like different species to try with a strapon out beforehand. Not to brag or anything but I have the latest special edition, which comes with a changeling queen’s cock. Did you know, changelings can cum from hoof holding if you say loving things at the same time? And they can deposit eggs in both female and ma—”You put a stop to her rant with a firmly placed boop. “I appreciate your enthusiasm but I’d rather not learn about changeling breeding habits right at this moment. And I don’t know about sending photos of my dick to strangers. Let’s not get ahead of ourselves.”“OH! Of course!” she said, putting a hoof to her mouth and the other out in front of her in a placating gesture. “I-I just thought it would be good to share this with the community. For science! I really should catalogue this for other… mares… and...” You gave her a look.  “Sorry. Continue please?”You shrugged. She’d probably hound you for some “tests” no doubt. Well, what are you gonna do? Twilight’s was a bit of a dork. A cute dork, but a dork nonetheless. Well, you thought, taking a deep breath. It was now or never. You began to drag your waistband over your hips, down your legs. Twilight’s bouncy energy left her in a split second as her eyes were drawn to your crotch. Her tail twitched behind her, wings ruffling at her sides as you slowly revealed a few inches of skin. Within moments, she hopped off the bench and sat in front of you, likely interested in a more direct view without any obstructions. Without any reason to stop her, you shrugged and continued to slowly, teasingly, pull your pants lower. With one final hank, you were down to your underwear, and you kicked your jeans to the side.You had to hold in a chuckle as Twilight’s expression turned from excitement to frustration. Yes, bookhorse, you wear pants under your pants. You like to be comfy and not chafe, thank you. Regardless of your reasons, Twilight barely suppressed a whine, seeing that her target was still concealed, but otherwise kept her eyes locked on your member. There was a small dark spot where the tip of your penis had leaked precum into you boxers, and her eyes were quickly drawn to it. Twilight’s nostrils flared, her eyes going wide, legs wobbling for a moment, threatening to buckle as she inched closer.“Anon, you smell amazing,” she said breathlessly.Twilight put her nose inches from your manhood, eager to let your scent envelope her. You could feel her breath coming in hot pants now, each exhale brushing against your loins. Despite the hazy look in her eyes, she still had the wherewithal to look up at you, and give a self conscious giggle.“Oh, sorry, I got a little carried away, Anon. Um, can you keep going? I’m dying to see what you look like.”You smiled. It was strangely exhilarating to see her so excited by something as simple as seeing you strip. Maybe this could be fun? You hooked your thumbs around the band of your underwear next, this time deciding to tease her a bit and shimey them side to side before moving them any lower. Twilight groaned and gave you a look that said ‘I know what you’re doing’ but smiled nonetheless. She knew you liked to play with your food so to speak. This much was to be expected at this point. After a few more seconds of playing with your waistband and listening to Twilight whine, you decided she’d had enough and began pulling them down again. The base of your shaft was the first to make an appearance. Twilight’s breath hitched, her mouth hanging open as she gave your cock a hungry stare. A few inches more and your waistband still held your member down, though just barely. She darted her eyes to you for just a moment as you slowed, your heart thudding hard in your chest. This was it. Just one last bit to go.“Please, Anon,” Twilight said, her voice pained. “Pleeease don’t tease me anymore. I’ve been waiting to see you forever.”True enough. Twilight had been trying to get you to open up for some time, and now you suspect those gentle proddings about making you more comfortable had a more personal motivation. Whatever the case, you wouldn’t deny her any longer. With a deep breath, you gave one final pull. Your cock sprung free into the open air, and your member tapped Twilight on the muzzle as it came up, already half hard. The effect on her was immediate, as she let out a long, shuddering breath as a shiver ran through her. Just seeing the way she looked at you, the way her eyes almost seemed transfixed by your cock caused your heart to quicken and your dick to harden. Within moments, your member stood full and rigid, your heartbeat lending a small twitch every so often as Twilight sat in front of you. She gasped, eyes going wide as she looked up at it, completely engrossed.“Anon, oh my gosh.” She put her hooves to her mouth.You flinched. “What? I-Is it weird?”“No! Anon, you’re really cute,” she said beaming up at you. “How were you worried when you look like this? Oh, gosh, It looks so smooth. And it’s such a cute color. Celestia, it probably feels amazing. I—I really want it touch it and see what you feel like...”You felt your face flush, heart pounding in your ears as you considered letting her do just that, but the reality of your situation was still settling in. God, you were actually bottomless, in public no less. And it was hot. Scary, sure, but hot. Around the park, ponies had taken notice of you, some sparing a glance, others hovering a few yards away and staring at your cock. Your legs twitched and a deep shiver ran through you as you felt their eyes tracing across your flesh. Their expressions varied from neutrally curious to aroused and envious, but above all, there was one look that was missing. Disgust. None of the mares or stallions seemed to mind that you were exposed, or that you looked different for that matter. If anything, most of them disregarded your state of undress. It was like seeing a friend in a new hat, or different jacket. A few noted it, but most seemed too occupied to pay it much mind. Even still, you were amazed to see a few mares giving hungry, wanting glances. With all those lustful eyes settling on you as Twilight admired your cock, the fear and excitement congealed into something far more potent. It drove your arousal even higher, morphing it into an electric tingle that made you curl your toes. All those mares knew what you looked like now. They’d be thinking about your exposed, hard cock as you greeted them in the morning, or walked about doing your grocery shopping on Sundays. They’d all know your exact shape, curve and size, and they’d all be thinking about how it would feel inside them. It was almost too much to handle. You white knuckled the edge of the bench.“Anon?” You looked down at Twilight. She was a bit flushed herself, though she had a playful, friendly smile that put you at ease. “You’re really brave for trying this.  I can tell you’re nervous, so just focus on me and don’t worry about anypony else. How are you feeling so far?”“I—I’m nervous, but it’s kind of exciting. I don’t know how to explain it. My skin is tingling all over and everything feels hot.”Twilight’s tail wagged behind her and she looked on the verge of hugging you. “Oh yes! This is excellent, Anon. Okay, um, Rarity said not to rush, and I know this is your first time doing something like this, but I really want to touch you. Can I, please?”She looked at you with those large, lavender eyes, begging you to say yes. Despite your nerves, the idea of letting Twilight feel you in front of everyone sent a tingle up your spine. You were still tense, that much was certain, but your arousal had overwhelmed any sense of propriety at this point. If anything the idea of having other mares watch somehow made it hotter. Because you knew you’d be turning a lot of them on.You let out a long breath, trying to calm yourself down. ”Y-Yeah. Go ahead, Twi. I think I’d like that.”Twilight did an excited little squirm then lifted a hoof towards you. “Okay, I’ll start slow. Let me know if you want to stop.” She reached out and her hoof made contact, bumping against your glans, causing you to twitch. The sensation, despite how simple an act it was, sent sparks through you and you gasped. Twilight gave you a glance, looking for any signs of discomfort, and when you gave her a reassuring nod, she returned her hoof to your cock again. Twilight ran her frog, gentle as can be, from your scrotum to head in one, experimental motion, drawing a breath from both of you again. How on earth were you this sensitive? Her frog was surprisingly soft and felt better than it had any right to, and from the way she was looking at your manhood, she probably felt similarly intrigued. How did she put it, again? To her, you were smoother than a stallion’s cock, with a different shape that was technically one of a kind in Equestria. Maybe that unique anatomy made something as simple as gliding a hoof actually feel pleasurable. She brushed her hoof against the underside of your cock once more, fascinated by your texture and the way you felt against her. Your head was starting to swim with need.“Did that feel good?” Twilight said, tilting her head at you.“That’s a bit of an understatement, Twi. Your hooves are really soft.”“Can I keep going? Is this too much?”“I think I can calm down a little if I focus. Go ahead and enjoy yourself, Twi.”Twilight grinned, then edged closer and sat down, this time using both hooves. She was careful, her soft appendages barely a whisper on you, though they still felt amazing. It was like being rubbed with two silk pads, each brushing along your shaft in coordinated sweeps. Her magic soon joined in, lightly stroking up and down your cock with practiced ease. One hoof moved lower to cradled your balls, while the other caressed the underside of your head every so often, sending tingles of pleasure through you. She began jacking you off in earnest, finding a nice steady pace and watching your reactions carefully. You must have looked like you were really enjoying it, because she flashed you an excited smile.“I’ve been reviewing my pony sutra,” she said. “I’ve always wanted to try these on you. Is it good?”You couldn’t suppress a moan as her magic squeezed down on you for a moment, before resuming it’s downward stroke. Twilight giggled and bit her lip. “I’ll take that as a yes.”Her magicjob sped up slightly as a lustful look overcame her. Magic squeezed your shaft at random intervals, the alien, feather-like sensation working your nerves over thoroughly just like the last time you experienced it. God, why were magicjobs so good feeling? She eventually settled on a lazy, almost teasing pace and you reacted in kind, groaning and squirming in your seat, your body begging for more. You’d been so backed up the last day or so. Between all that time with Bon Bon and sleeping next to this cute little mare, you wanted nothing more than to cum all over her adorable smiling face. And despite her slowed pace, you felt yourself getting closer to climax. You clenched your eyes shut, willing your body to just hold on for a little while longer. You didn’t want this to end so soon. But god, Twilight would look so hot with cum all in her mane.Soon a new sensation joined the others. Something soft and warm pressed against your cock and, you heard, as well as felt, Twilight give a contented hum. The sound sent a vibration through your cock and your eyes shot open to see Twilight nuzzling your manhood.“It’s so warm,” Twilight said with a sigh. Her back arched as she closed her eyes, content to simply press her cheek into you for a few moments. “Anon, you have no idea how long I wanted to just feel you against my skin.” She rubbed her face up and down your shaft, looking as content as could be as her fur dragged along your smooth skin. Meanwhile her magic, unaffected by her physical form, continued to lazily drift and down your member. You couldn’t help but give a small jerk of your hips, instinct momentarily taking hold. You only managed to roughly bump against her cheek, which drew an ‘Oh!’ and a giggle from Twilight.A bead of pre surfaced on your tip, and the mare beneath you took notice, her nostrils flaring at the heady scent before she leaned back. She licked her lips, eyeing her prize as it glimmered in the setting sunlight. With your promise to Pinkie, she obviously couldn’t lick it off, but Twilight was an exceptionally clever pony. She gave a thoughtful hum, then gave a curt nod as a solution came to her. With a little purr, Twilight pushed her lips against the underside of your cock, all the while keeping her gaze focused on her prize.“Anon,” she said, voice sweet as honey. “Could you please drip a little more for me?” She began to pepper your penis with kisses, each one sending your nerves into a frenzy of pleasure, pushing you deeper into an already mind-numbing ecstasy. “I really want to taste you, Anon. Just a little more. Celestia, your scent is the best.” Twilight lavished you with kisses, pouring nearly a whole year of pent up desire all into your cock, treating like it was the most delectable thing to ever grace her lips. It was enough to get her what she wanted. With a deft squeeze of your cock from Twilight’s magic, your precum swelled until it was too heavy to stay and oozed down in a long line towards her face. Twilight angled her lips below your head, eyes closed and ready to receive her treat as your precum dribbled across her slightly parted lips. She let out a satisfied moan, basking in the gooey sensation on her skin. Her tongue crept out, running across her upper lip and savoring your nectar before bringing little samples of it into her mouth as you continued to drizzle down onto her. Eventually the drip subsided and Twilight opened her eyes again.She smacked her lips for a moment, then gave you a smile. “Wow, that was a really interesting flavor, Anon. I could get used to that. By the way, your pre isn’t a bad consistency but I think I can get it to ideal viscosity if you’d be willing to follow a regimented diet. That or I could make an enchantment. I’d do all the calculations and deal with the component costs for you of course. I just need to take regular samples to ensure quality.”You laughed. Oh god, more magic. “Twilight, is this your version of dirty talk or do you really want to do that?”She leaned forward as she considered it, your cock already pressed against the side of her face again. “Erm, can it be both?” she said with a hopeful look.“Well, it’s not very good dirty talk,” you said, brushing your hand gently across her other cheek. She let out a satisfied hum and closed her eyes. “But if today was any indication, I’ll be game for whatever magic play you want.”“Really?”You shrugged. “Yeah why not? I really enjoy doing this stuff with you.”Twilight bit her lip and nuzzled into your member, like a kid with a teddy bear. It was almost like she was unwilling to part from it. “That sounds really nice,” she said, her voice low and filled with need. “But there’s something I want more than that right now, and I know you need it too.” She lifted her head and looked you in the eyes. In those beautiful lavender eyes, you saw a thirst, hungry and wanting, that had awakened. “I really really want to feel you cum for me. Will you let me, Anon?”Far be it from you to deny her.  Besides, at this point, if you didn’t cum you’d probably go crazy. “Yeah. I could really use it actually, Twi. Please...”“Oh good,” she said, sounding relieved. “I don’t know what I’d do if you wanted to stop after all this.”“Er, Twi,” you said sitting up. “Do you want me to do anything for you? You haven’t gotten any attention all day.”Twilight’s mind had already gone back to your cock, her snout gingerly pressed against it. “Oh. That’s sweet of you, Anon, but I’ve been wanting to do this with you for a long time. I can wait until we get back home to get off myself. Right now, all I want is to feel you cum if that’s alright.”“Okay. If that’s what you want.”She nodded, still rubbing herself like a cat along your length, now pressing you against the underside of her neck. “Yeah. I’m going to just go for it now. I don’t want to wait any longer.”Before you could ask what exactly she had in mind, her horn surged and her magic began to piston up and down your length. You yelped, hands gripping the bench. Oh wow, okay, she was really going for it. Each stroke she came all the way up, wrapping her aura and swirling it around your head for a moment before slamming back down your length. Your vision blurred, pleasure slamming into your brain like a freight train. Through the haze you could hear her talking to you, voice heavy with need but still carrying a casual quality to it. Like it was the most natural thing in the world. “I want it on my muzzle and on my lips. Maybe some in my tuft if there’s enough. Last night I had a dream about you cumming in your sleep all over me and I really really want the real thing. Tell me when you’re close so I can get everything.”“Twi! Aah, I don’t know how much longer I can hold out,” you said, gasping for breath.“Go ahead, Anon. Don’t hold back. Give me everything.”Twilight shoved her face against your member once more, nuzzling against it as her magic pumped away faster and faster. It felt like being jackhammered by warm feathers, squeezed tight around your cock, all the way up and down your entire length. The magic covered every inch of you, hitting every nerve and sending your mind reeling. You doubled over, hands going to Twilights mane as a familiar tingle welled up in your center. You were nearly there. It wouldn't be long before you gave Twilight exactly what she wanted.Twilight regardless was relentless, seemingly intent on attacking every erogenous zone simultaneously, driving you closer and closer to a tipping point. You out a long, low groan, your legs going weak as her pistoning magic a blur as it drove you further, pushing your pleasure higher than you thought possible. Part of you wanted to hold back on instinct, to last a little bit longer and show Twilight you had some control, some sort of arbitrary sexual prowess to prove. You clenched down, using your abdominal muscles to gain you a scant few seconds, anything at all to stem the inevitable tide of cum. But she wasn't interested in anything like stamina. She wanted to see you cum. Her tuft tickled against your legs as her chest rose and fell with heavy breaths, her eyes boring into you with a needy lust that wouldn't be denied any longer.“Twilight, I’m going to—!”You felt Twilight shudder, which would serve as your only warning as her magic surged again. Her aura became a blur, plunging up and down your cock at maddening speeds, and just as you thought you couldn’t possibly have your pleasure pushed any further, you felt one more spell. There was a jolt somewhere deep inside of you, making your vision go white as what felt like fireworks exploded in your brain.  Your balls clenched tight, member twitching as you moaned and you came, crashing over the edge like an avalanche.Hot cum blasted over Twilight, the mare gasping in bliss as you coated her face. You bucked your hips fitfully, Twilight’s magic still pistoning as you shot rope after rope across her muzzle, her mane, her tuft. It felt endless, like you were trapped in a feedback loop of pleasure, each second shocking you as your spunk continued to shoot. Eventually, your climax ebbed, leaving Twilight with a small but relatively steady drip of ejaculate dribbling out of your cockhead. You collapsed against the bench, gasping, trying to form coherent words as your muscles gave out on you.What… what on earth did she do? What was that last spell? “Twi, what did, aaah…” Your vision swam and you gave up halfway. Whatever it was, it did a number on you.Twilight for her part was occupied basking in the warm, gooey feeling of being coated with your essence. Her eyes were half lidded and her breathing came in long pants, almost like she’d run some incredible race. She hadn’t orgasmed at all of course, not physically at least, but by the look she gave of pure, unhindered satisfaction, it was almost like she had in some way. A long, satisfied sigh left her as she sat there, taking just a little longer to savor the sensation. But she eventually answered you.“It was a prostate shock,” she said. Her tongue traced across her upper lip, brushing against a glob of your cum. She hummed with approval.“What… the heck… Twi…”The mare in question blinked, some of the lustful haze leaving her. “What? Did you not like it?”“No… just… warn me next time.”“Oh. Sorry.” Her ears folded back against her head. “I just really really wanted to finally make you cum. I… are you mad at me?”You sighed“No, it’s fine. But when I can move again, I’m going to do two things to you. One, you’re going to get the booping of a lifetime for nearly making me black out.”Twilight blushed and nodded, accepting her fate to some degree. “O-Okay, what’s the second thing?”You sat up as much as you could, looking her in the eyes. She stiffened and met your gaze.“When we get back home tonight, I’m going to finger you till you can’t walk straight.”Luna just had to pick one of your messed up dreams to walk into. Now everyone thinks you're a massive pervert and/or rapist. Ponyville quickly becomes a ghost town whenever you shop for groceries. The only ponies who treat you halfway normal are the cutie mark crusaders. You make little things for them to sell, your only source of income.Some ponies get weird when you pass by. Applejack used to get along with you just fine. Now that she heard the news, she just stands still, going on and on about raping her in a sad voice. Pinkie Pie pelts you with cupcakes. You can salvage a fair few, which is nice. Twilight sets her human anatomy doll in front of her door. Uses a ventriloquy spell to say, "This mare is taken, move along"Fluttershy usually runs, but if you are close enough when she notices you, she just stiffens up and falls over. Rainbow Dash watches you from her cloud, glaring. Rarity carries a bucket at all times. When she sees you, she levitates it onto your head and runs away. From time to time, you find Celestia doing something odd.Once, she was stuck in a hole in the wall. She wouldn't stop talking about how she could do nothing to stop you from having your way with her. You pushed her the rest of the way through the hole and went about your day.It's enough to drive you to drinkMaybe you'll get some cider from Applejack, assuming she doesn't depress you too much with her highly imaginative rape monologues.Day hide yo kids hide yo waifu. You pull your little wagon full of groceries through town. Rainbow Ass glaring from her little perch. You pass by the treebrary on your way to your shack on the edge of the Everfree. That stupid anatomy doll is looking at you. You check your groceries, nothing too perishable. Might as well have some fun."Hey, Nat, how's it going?"The doll wiggles a bit in surprise."Uh, good, good."That is a terrible man voice, Twilight."And how's the missus?""Oh, she's great. Very intelligent. Have you seen how many books she's read? That is the sexiest thing about her, all that book reading."Even Rainbow Dash is rolling her eyes at this pathetic ruse."Wow, that's kinky. So she just reads a book while you rut her? In and out, in and out, and she's just lying there, fascinated by the sexy, sexy book knowledge?"You wonder if the boner Nat is now sporting is indicative of a certain unicorn's state. Meanwhile Rainbow has the cloud in her teeth, and you can't see where her forehooves are. Heh.Finally, Nat speaks."Well, uh, that's a genita-I mean private matter, that I'm not really comfortable discussing with you.""That's too bad. I wish I could hear about how you kiss her horn when she comes to the end of a book, or how you fall asleep by her side as she reads to you of far away places and beautiful princesses."You hear a whimper from inside the tree, one you know well. For her, it's that feel when no coltfriend."But seriously, Twilight, this is ridiculous. You're not fooling anyone with this dumb doll.""Nat isn't dumb! I mean, I'm not a dumb doll, I am clearly a fellow human male. I have claimed my waifu, so by the ancient rite of dibs, she is mine."You may have gotten a bit creative with human culture."Twilight, he isn't real. It's just a doll you made for scientific reference."Another whimper."Sh-shut up!"You sigh."Look, I'm sorry I teased your husbando. I just wanted to have fun talking to somepony. I'll leave you two alone."You set out for home. Twilight waits until you are behind a hill in the road before she pulls Nat inside. A book on the floor, and her rump in the air. She has some very interesting things to think about, tonight.Your blue watcher gets bored and flies off. You follow the trail home, only to find Celestia sprawled in your front yard. When she sees you, she closes her eyes and pretends to be unconscious. Why are all these horses such terrible actresses? You walk up to her nonetheless, and poke her hoof."Having fun down there?"She groans, and flutters her eyes open."Oh my wings, I must have hit some turbulence and sprained them, oh, the pain."Right. Might as well get this over with. You grab her forehooves and heave her upright. She flaps her wings a little in surprise at the sudden movement."I guess it can't be too bad, they seem to be working just fine now."Celestia blinks."Right, ow, it hurts so bad! Like needles in a haystack, all over! I must stay in this suspicious man's home while I recover. Who knows what vile acts he will perform on me?"You get that she's trying to make you feel better about your poor reputation, but this is just ridiculous."Fine, come in, I'll make us some food."You pull the wagon into your kitchen, and she prances happily behind you. You're fairly proud of your kitchen. All the shelves and counter-tops, all handmade by yours truly. The stone fireplace too, with a little cubby that works as a bread oven. You put away most of your food, and start making a salad. Admittedly, there isn't much else in your little house, just some things you've either salvaged or saved up and purchased.It seems sunbutt has taken a liking to your bed.Wait."Are you huffing my pillow?"She jerks her head up and faces you with a nervous smile."O-of course not, I was just resting my head a bit, because of my injuries."Whatever."Right, well come on, let's eat."She clambers off the bed and to the table where two large bowls of salad lay. You offer her a bottle of ranch dressing."Want some?"Her eyes sparkle."The human offers his white sauce, thinking no doubt, about how the beautiful princess will soon be guzzling his delicious glaze.""I'll take that as a yes."You set the bottle in front of her, and set to eating your lunch. Glaze, huh? You suppose you could make a cake. You glance up at Celestia and roll your eyes. Her muzzle is covered in ranch as she digs in face first. You go and grab a cloth for her."Here, you can wipe your face with this when you're done."She swallows."That, uh, that won't be necessary. I am fully capable of licking it all up."She keeps solid eye contact while her long tongue laps up the mess. When the last of the dressing has been licked away, she smiles at you."See? All gone. I have swallowed all the white liquid on my face.""That's nice, now your face is covered in slobber instead. Seriously, use the napkin when you're done."Celestia lowers her head humbly."Yes, m-master."She can tease you all she wants about ordering her around, you will have cleanliness in your home. After the meal, you rinse the dishes and set them out to dry. You have to admit, it is kinda nice having someone else around. Even if they are a weird horse princess who may or may not get high on the smell of cotton pillows. You have some time left in the afternoon, might as well get to work. Celestia watches you whittle for a bit, then her eyes drift across the little wooden statues around your home."Do you take commissions?"You pause."I haven't really had the opportunity, to be honest. Is there something you want me to make?""An alicorn ma-I mean, meeting with a human. It should be very, ah, touching."You shrug."Easy enough. I'll start on it after this one."You continue to whittle away at what will be a wooden apple. A golden light flashes, and you hear metal clinking. You look up to find a large bag of bits has appeared in front of you."Will this be enough for you to start right now?"That is no small amount of money."Yeah, that'll about cover it."You set the half finished apple aside and retrieve a more substantial chunk of wood. Celestia gets comfortable on your bed as she watches you work your magic. After a few minutes to plan out the piece, you let your hands do the work. You normally talk to yourself to while away the hours, but you have a guest now."You know, it's funny. Before Equestria, I had thought my life was hurried and stressful, and maybe it was..."You trail off, lost in your thoughts. After a moment, Celestia speaks."And now?"You blink, and give her a brief apologetic smile."Now, well, you know. A little too empty in a lot of ways. A lot of time just chopping up firewood, carving things I will probably never see again. Nothing really to keep the days apart in mind, if you know what I mean."You see her nod out of the corner of your eye."The years get like that too. It's been better, recently, but don't ask me about two centuries ago, it was just a blur of negotiations and agriculture to me now."For a time, the only sound is your knife scraping against wood, shavings falling to the ground. You're curious now, though."What do you do to fill in the time? To make it worthwhile?""Take on students. For a time, I can see through their letters, and pretend it is all new again. I also broaden my appreciation of...things."Interesting, you suppose, but not terribly applicable to your situation. The rest of the evening passes in a like manner, silence and stuttering conversation. Dinner is followed by a glazed cake. She insists on licking both bowls."Now I have your batter in my belly, Anon."She gets this weird, almost sultry look on her face when she states the obvious. By the nighttime, it's pretty clear she wants to stay. You'll be damned if a town of gullible ponies will make you any less of a gentleman. Celestia seems oddly dissatisfied with sleeping in the bed. Weird, especially since she's been in it all day. You curl up in your blanket by the fire, and bid her goodnight.You wake, uncomfortably warm. Your nose is filled with the scent of vanilla. You open your eyes to see...Sparkling pink? There is a weight on top of you, and it only takes a moment to guess what happened. With a sigh you lift Celestia up a bit and slide out. She doesn't stir from her sleep. After a moment's hesitation, you wrap the blanket around her.An apple from the pantry, and you're outside, admiring the sunrise. It seems Luna can do at least one thing right. You finish the apple and toss the core into the field. Huh, looks like someone is coming down the trail. A pony and... a minotaur?No...What's Twilight doi- It seems she has Nat with her. Well, this will be interesting. Twilight comes to a stop about five feet from you."Anon, I need a favor.""That's rich."She fixes you with a resolute stare."Just hear me out. I...I need you to talk to Nat. I can't do it on my own.""What are you talking about?"Her gaze turns pleading."You... you're the only other human Nat knows. When you talk with him, he gets ideas, he becomes even more my husbando. Please, Anon. I need this."Truth be told, Twilight always reminded you of a younger version of yourself. You don't mind doing this, but..."I'll do it, but you have to help me convince your friends that I'm not a rapist.""But Luna saw-""A sexy dream! A private dream, if I had my way. Are you honestly going to say that you have never had a sexy dream about Nat?"She blushes."S-sometimes.""Anyhow, those are the terms. I talk to Nat, you talk to your friends."Twilight thinks about it, glancing at the dumb doll. She nods resolutely."It's a deal."Silence stretches for a bit."So... how you wanna do this?"Purplesmart looks at you, then Nat."Shall we try Fluttershy first? I think she'll need the most work, so we should start early."You shrug."Sounds good."Along the way, you...strike up a conversation? You probably shouldn't encourage Twilight's autism, but you turned out fine.Sorta."So, Nat. I see you're riding bareback. Any reason you're not using a saddle?"Twilight stares at you in confusion."Why would he be using a saddle?"..."Saddles are specifically so that a biped can sit on a quadruped comfortably.""That's ridiculous, Anon. Saddles are formal wear meant to emphasize the curve of a mare's spine."..."Of course, what was I thinking. Changing the subject, Nat how do you feel about brushing Twilight's mane?""Uh, it's good. Like, really good. Do I get a boner from it?"..."If you do, that would be a little odd. It just seems like a nice way to spend time with your waifu. You could make it part of foreplay, where you brush her mane, and start stroking her neck, then her sides, and generally let your hands wander."Twilight stumbles a bit, but keeps trotting."Wow, that's a good idea, Anon! All that hand action we humans do, it must be enjoyable for mares!"A cottage rises from a crest in the road."I'm sure it must be. Now, about Fluttershy. I should probably hang back, or else she'll be too scared to think straight."Purplesmart nods."That would be best."You sit down behind the rise of the bridge over the creek and close your eyes. Twilight clip clops to the door and knocks. You hear the door open."Oh, good morning Twi- Ah! Another one!"The door slams....You call over your shoulder, "Maybe Nat should stay with me?""No, I got this."Twilight knocks on the door again."Fluttershy, it's okay. This is Nat, and he's very nice."Butterthigh's voice is muffled by the door."R-really?""Really."The door creaks open. After a moment, Fluttershy sighs in relief."Oh, it's just a doll. For a moment there, I thought there was another rape monster in Ponyville.""He's not a d- I mean, Nat is my husbando and I am his waifu. He's not a rape monster at all, he even lets me read to him at night."..."Um, Twilight, it's okay if you have an imaginary coltfriend. Um, don't take this the wrong way, but you might want to not talk about him in town. There is a rape monster on the loose, after all."You feel so loved."About that, Fluttershy. Anon isn't a rape monster. He's actually a really nice guy who has a rich and varied culture about...imaginary colt and marefriends."You can hear the sorrow in her voice, forced to admit that Nat is not real. Fluttershy hears it too."Oh, Twilight, did he rape you? Is he forcing you to tell all these lies about human imaginary coltfriends?""He didn't rape me! Are you doubting my love for my pure, beautiful husbando? I-I swear on me mum!"..."There there, it's okay. Rape monsters can be really charismatic and sneaky. It's okay if you find yourself wanting to love a nice, safe, imaginary rape monster who doesn't rape you.""They're not rape monsters! Luna just wasn't prepared to see one of Anon's tummy tingler dreams! Haven't you had any weird tummy tingler dreams?""Oh no, never. Especially not about Mr. Bear, or a big strong timberwolf, or a pack of diamond dogs, and, um. Yeah, no tummy tinglers here, just normal dreams, all the time.""But a timberwolf is made out of wood, that seems really uncomfortable..."Fluttershy scuffs a hoof on the ground."You have to sand it and polish it, and sometimes I go out into the woods and look for a little one, so I can train it. Um. For normal dog things. Yes."..."Look, how about this. You can help me train Anon to be less threatening, and then you won't think he's a rape monster, he's just like a timberwolf who is trained to be nice to ponies. How does that sound?""Oh, I don't know, that sounds-""I'll help you catch a timberwolf cub.""Okay."This is getting ridiculous."Here, let me just get Anon real quick,"That's your cue, you suppose. You begin to stand up, only to be engulfed in a purple flash of light. You find yourself sprawled on your back, and the door slams. You just lie there a moment."Slowly, Twilight. You have to take these things slowly."The door creaks open again."Um, hi, Anon?""Yes?"You decide to sit up, that should be less threatening than standing. Buttermellow watches your every movement with wary eyes."Are you...a good boy?"...This is going to be a long day. Nevertheless,"Yes, I am a good boy.""Then you can come inside."She backs into her home, never taking her eyes off of you. You shuffle inside, wondering if ponies naturally tend to speak in innuendo. Angel glares at you from his high perch, a sharpened stick in his paws. Meanwhile, Fluttershy is hiding behind two sheep."Alright, what shall we do now?"She glances at Twilight, then says,"Um, first, would like you to sate your unsavory appetite with one of these sheep here?"What."I don't-and they're just sheep, I mean, can sheep think like you and me, or are they just instinct driven animals, and who even just offers up sheep to 'sate unsavory appetites'?""They don't mind. I told them about how a rape monster might come for me, and they agreed to let you rut them. Um, if you want. Does that answer your questions?"Meanwhile the sheep wander over to you, nuzzling your legs."Oh, so they are intelligent.""Baaa", they said...."Right. Thus is still kinda messed up, so let me set some things straight. I do not have an insatiable desire for sex, and sheep are a bit outside of my comfort zone."The pair of ewes pout. Fluttershy stares at you skeptically."Are you sure you don't want to have your way with either one? I know Ashtoreth had been looking forward to it."One of the sheep nuzzles your leg again, and paws at it with one foreleg."Baaa~"The only thing keeping you here is the hope that you might be able to get it into Fluttershy's twisted mind that you are not a rape monster."Look, Ashtoreth, and Miss other sheep, you are both very cute, and I'm sure there's a nice ram for you somewhere. I wish you luck in your future courtships. Understand?"Miss other sheep nuzzles your leg for the last time, and heads out the door. Ashtoreth..."Stop humping my leg!"You heft her up and hold her at arms length."Baa~ baaa baaaa~<3"You look at Fluttershy."A little help here?"She is scowling at you."Really? After all you've done, can't you let her molest your leg? You have a lot of nerve, young human, raping ponies and making up marefriends, asking me to help you with a nice friendly ewe!"What the actual hell. Your legs are shaking, your heart beating altogether too quickly."I haven't raped anyone!"Fluttershy doubles the intensity of her glare."Do you want to be trained or not? Now let the sheep hump your leg!"Ashtoreth slips from your numb fingers, and quickly recovers from her fall. Just as quickly, she rears up and wraps her forelegs around one of your legs. You can do nothing, pinned in place by the fiery wrath of Fluttershy's gaze. Twilight is covering Nat's eyes. A wet spot develops on your pants leg, and Ashtoreth's bleating becomes more frantic. You can feel the pegasus ease off of the intensity of her glare. Finally, you are fully in control of yourself as a ewe climaxes on your leg. It takes all your self-control to not kick her off. As the last spasms wrack her fluffly body, you carefully extract your leg from her grip."I-I need a shower. Oh god, I feel so dirty."Fluttershy is confused."Oh, um, it's the door on the right, over there. Could you bring Ashtoreth too? I'm afraid her cum soaked into her wool.""Yeah, no, no way. I shower alone, thank you very much."You all but run to the bathroom. The ponies are talking, but you can't hear them over the sound of rushing, cleansing water. You remove your clothes and lose yourself in the water flowing all over you. A scarce few minutes later, there is a knock at the door."What.""Um, I just wanted to let you know, that you have passed the first test. Now for the second."The door opens, and a purple light wraps around the edge of the shower curtain. Oh hell no. You grip the edge as well, and pull against massive resistance. In retrospect, a battle between Twilight's magic and your own strength was doomed to failure. As it is, you end up half in and half out of the tub, dripping and on full display. This is the last straw."I've had it! I've been unjustly shunned by a bunch of flighty ponies, defiled by a sheep, and now you pull this! I'm better off in my home, away from all you monsters!"You scoop up your clothes, taking a moment to put on your boxers. Fluttershy gives you a weak smile."You passed test two?"You stare hate directly into her eyes."Enough with the stupid tests! Let me put it into terms you can understand. You have failed basic decency. And you, Twilight, going along with this! I feel sorry for Nat, having a waifu with a wandering eye."You stomp out of the cottage, animals parting before you. By the time you get home, you are half burned out, closer to surly than incandescent rage. The shack is empty, you suppose Celestia's duties called. Fine by you. You throw your clothes in the basket and pull on some clean ones.You don't trust yourself to work on your commission with any delicacy, so you return to caving the wooden apple. Wordless frustration simmers in the back of your mind. It's a point of pride, that you are still a moral person, no matter what happens. You accidentally gouge a little too much from the apple. You throw the damn thing, and sink back into your chair.This, this isn't helping.You just listen to yourself breathe. Anger seeps out of you in tiny increments, leaving weariness in its wake. The sun has risen a fair amount before you feel relatively calm. Then you hear a knock on your door. You walk a fine line between rage and despair as you go to answer it. "We're-"Slam. Feels good man. There is no way you want to talk to those two right now. You just manage to get back to your chair when Twilight teleports in."Get out."She looks at you with tearful eyes, and lowers her head to the ground."I wanted to a-apologize to you and your waifu."Your w-"An apology isn't enough. Fluttershy mind controlled me while a sheep sexually assaulted my leg! And you just watched. Get out."She whispers, "I'm so sorry." and disappears. Good riddance.You are Twilight Sparkle, and you have made a terrible mistake. You aren't entirely sure how to fix it. Anon is angry and alone. Ponyville...pulled another Zecora incident. Fluttershy peers at you from behind her mane."What did he say?""Saying sorry isn't enough."She nods sadly. Guilt churns in your stomach."There has to be a way to make it up to him. It's not a romance problem, and I'm not sure what kind of gift we could give that would say 'I'm sorry we forced you into bestiality.' What do you think, Fluttershy?"You begin trotting towards Ponyville, and she comes up beside."We could never bother him again. I am very quiet, I could do that.""That's not really a solution, it's more like ignoring the problem.""We could do that too."Fluttershy is a great friend, you remind yourself. She just doesn't handle stress well. Although, you could say that about the whole town. The whole town. Crap."We're going to have to convince all of Ponyville that Anon isn't a rapist.""Oh. That's a lot of ponies.""We're going to need someone...popular,""Pinkie Pie?""Someone who is good at persuading ponies...""Pinkie Pie.""Someone with tact.""Pinkie- oh. Rarity?"You nod."If anyone will know what to do, it's her."You hope.Rarity sips from her tea."Now, what can I do for you two?"This is going to be awkward."So, remember how Luna scared everypony on nightmare night?""Yes?""And how Zecora was shunned because she was a zebra?""What, is there some other stranger...who comes into town...and this is about Anonymous, isn't it?"You nod. Rarity sighs."He must think we're terribly skittish, mustn't he?"Fluttershy winces."Right now, he thinks we're monsters."Rarity furrows her brow."Why ever should he think that? Is having a bucket on one's head so unpleasant?"Fluttershy mumbles something. Rarity frowns."What was that?"You come to Fluttershy's rescue."We may have let a sheep get friendly with him. And barged in on his shower.""I hardly see why that's a problem. Sheep are gentle, and it's not like friends can't take showers together...""Anon has a thing about wearing clothes all the time, so seeing him without clothes can be embarrassing for him."That's one of the first pieces of human culture you learned."Personally, I think wearing clothes all the time is more embarrassing. Formal wear loses all meaning when it is daily wear.""Even so, that's how he is. And, um. The ewe was very friendly. And not entirely gentle.""How do you mea-"Rarity gives Fluttershy a disbelieving look."And he just let it happen? With a sheep?"Fluttershy lowers her head, once again hiding behind her mane."He didn't have much choice."Rarity rubs her face with a hoof."I think it would be fair to say, this is the worst. Possible. Thing. Well, first things first, we must all apologize."Rarity set her cup aside. You and Fluttershy hurry to block her path."That's probably not the best idea right now."Fluttershy nods fervently."He was very angry when we tried."Rarity's mouth twists in dissatisfaction."Second things first, then. It would be best to go to Mayor Mare, I believe."That evening, a crowd has gathered in the town square. Mayor Mare steps up to the podium."Mares and gentlecolts! I have called this meeting to deal with the problem of Anonymous."The crowd murmurs with anger and excitement. A few pitchforks and torches surreptitiously rise from the throng. Mayor Made clears her throat."First, let us clear up any misunderstandings. Who here has been raped by Anonymous? Raise your hoof."Many heads turned, curious to see who had fallen victim to the town menace. Yet not one hoof was raised. Mayor Mare continued in a sadder tone."Need I remind you of our poor welcome for Zecora, the best herbalist in Ponyville?"The crowd murmured in surprise. The few ponies who said something about ziggers are immediately shushed."Or how we first welcomed the awkward, yet kind Princess of the Night?"A few of the torches and pitchforks quietly disappeared."Who here remembers how Anonymous gave the best belly rubs at the spa? Or how he climbed the trees with monkey-like grace and retrieved foals' balloons?"Ponies avoided each other's eyes."And who here has bought one of the delightful little wooden statues from three of our bravest fillies? As Mayor of Ponyville, I would like to acknowledge kindness and earnestness of Applebloom,  Scootaloo, and Sweetie Bell."The fillies clamber up onto the platform, awed at all the attention they were getting."For their aide to one of Ponyville's citizens in his darkest times, I award them the Crystal Heart medal."The fillies puff out their chests proudly as the medals are affixed to their cloaks. The Mayor addresses the crowd once again."Now, I intend to deliver a formal apology on behalf of this town to Anonymous. I will be very disappointed in whoever does not accompany me to Anonymous' house."Some of the ponies shake their pitchforks in the air."To Anonymous' house!"You are Anon, and you're feeling better, now. You've taken a nap, eaten some dinner, and now you're working on the commission and feeling nicely busy for once. You sit by the window, taking in the empty plains that lead toward Ponyville. It's very tranquil. Then you see a light coming up in the west. You idly wonder if sunbutt got drunk.Only it's not the sun, it's a mob of ponies. Oh hell.You start barricading the front door with what little furniture you have. It was only a matter of time, you suppose. You can hear the infernal noise of the many voices of the mob. Some deluded soul knocks on your door."Anonymous, we have something for you."Death, most likely."Nice try."The sound of the mob changes slightly. Then you get tackled from behind by three fillies. You roll over, and find the crusaders grinning at you. Sweetie Bell climbs up onto your chest."Everypony came to say they're sorry!"..."Really."They nod happily."What are the torches and pitchforks for then?"They glance at each other. Scootaloo shrugs."It's dark out, and walking sticks?"Applebloom looks at you with big, pleading eyes."So won't you please come out and say hi to everypony?"It's not like they couldn't come in the back door if they wanted."Fine, now let me up."Sweetie Bell giggles and jumps off. You come around the corner of your house, and see that they really don't seem to be angry. Mayor Mare gives you a polite smile and comes forward."On behalf of Ponyville, I deliver this formal apology. Within are such reparations that might go some way towards ameliorating any damages you may have suffered."You numbly accept then scroll, and whisper,"A rather quick change in opinion."The Mayor smiles ruefully and replies in a like manner."We have some history with being very wrong about outsiders. Honestly, I think most of the ponies here just like being in one big herd, be it a mob or a demonstration of civic-mindedness.""Oh, I see."Still, it makes you nervous to have so many torches near your mostly wooden house. Better make a speech."Citizens of Ponyville! I accept your apology, and wish you well in your endeavors. Now please leave without setting anything on fire."You hear a few groans of disappointment from the crowd, but they disperse readily enough. Mayor Mare regards you with an amused expression."I must say, that was very eloquent. Although, I have to ask now that we aren't on opposite sides of the mob, is there any truth to the rumors?"You give her a flat look."I'm not a rapist."She looks you up and down."Even so, if you ever, well. Let me just say, that I am an eager and attentive public servant."She winks at you and sashays away.Okay. That is certainly strange icing on the fucked up cake that you are too stuffed to eat. You go back inside and lay down on your bed. You fall asleep, a faint scent of vanilla rising from the pillow and sheets.You read the scroll over breakfast.Blah blah blah, Very sorry,Oh hey, vouchers for nearly every shop. You browse the list, noting some familiar names. And, 'Meat Stew - Fluttershy's Animal Rehabilitation Center' Is she really going to kill that sheep? You aren't sure how you feel about that. Something to check on for lunch, you guess. You work some more on your commission, but you find yourself feeling restless. Last night almost seems like a dream, but you have the scroll right there. Might as well see how they react to you, now that the townfolk have admitted they were wrong. You skim the list of offers again, and-Hold on, why is Rarity offering seven full suits for free? Is this more of what was going on with the mayor?...That might not be so bad. Thirty minutes later sees you out the door, carefully groomed, and scroll in hand. You reach Ponyville just as the shops and stalls begin to open. The ponies call out their greetings, some smiles more nervous than others. You respond in kind.To be honest, you've gotten used to shopping at abandoned stalls, so you're a little nervous as well. You make your way to the carousel boutique and open the door. Rarity looks up at the sound and puts on a pleasant expression."Oh, Anonymous, it is good to see you. Won't you sit down on the divan? I must fetch something.""Alright..."It still feels odd, no longer being a source of fear. She returns quickly, floating a wrapped cylinder to you."Please, open it."The paper falls away to reveal...A bucket.A familiar bucket."Am I supposed to wear it?"Rarity blushes a little at that."I do hope you will forgive me for that. Rather, I want you to have it, as a sign of my trust in your true character."Eh, it's a bucket."Then I shall take it in the spirit it was given. Speaking of which, I don't want to appear ungrateful, but seven suits seems a bit...extravagant."Measuring tape snakes out of some drawers, gathering in little piles. Rarity looks a little too eager."I had noticed, darling, that you tend to wear clothes rather often.""Yes?"She starts to circle you slowly."You have also become something of a figure of note. To put it simply, if you wear my fashions around town, it will both make you seem more respectable, and introduce my work to those who might not usually pay attention. Is that palatable to your sensibilities?"Surprisingly calculating for the Element of Generosity, yet you suppose she still has a business to run. You look down at the bucket in your hands. It was only ever a mild inconvenience."You've got yourself a deal.""Wahahah! Wonderful, Anonymous, simply wonderful. Now, if you would please stand, I have a great many measurements to do."You let your mind wander as the tape stretches across various portions of your body....She wasn't kidding about how many measurements she is taking. Might as well make with the small talk."You know, when I first saw the voucher, I thought you were buttering me up for, ah-"You pause, suddenly regretting the indelicate nature of your statement. Rarity pauses in her work."Hmmm?""Oh, nothing, it was a nonsensical thought."She smirks at that."Really, Anonymous, I admire your attempt to avert a faux pas, but the damage is quite done. I can only imagine you thought I would, what, proposition you or something?"Maybe if you say nothing, she will-Rarity blinks a few times"That was it precisely? Well, sorry to dash your hopes, dear. I do hear the Mayor may have certain interests in xenophilic relations, if that's any consolation."You cough nervously."Yes, she made that rather clear."Rarity giggles at your discomfort."Pardon me, but your plight is not without its humor. Now, I have one last measurement to do, but it's rather...intimate. Would you mind running this tape from the middle of your waist, between your legs, then to the opposite side of your waist?"You take the tape and hesitate. She smirks."Would you rather I do it?""No, no, that will not be necessary."You perform the measurement, handing off the tape once you are done. She accepts it and marks down the last data point."Thank you, darling. You really have been quite the gentlecolt, and I shall look forward to your next visit."You nod pleasantly at her."As shall I. See you later, Rarity."As you exit the shop, you feel quite optimistic about your future. You make it a few feet down the street before Rainbow Dash lands in front of you, still glaring like before. Welp."They may forget about the whole thing, but don't you think I'm going to let my guard down around you. I'll always know what you really are!"You sigh."It was just a dream,""Just a dream? It was a dream about raping me!"You frown."It's not like I can control what I dream about. Besides, I know you were getting off to the idea of me rutting Twilight yesterday.""I imagined a stallion, not you!"You raise your eyebrows."You still fantasized about your friend getting railed. You actually made that choice. I think we're even."Rainbow's wings flare."I'll never be as sick as you!"With that, she flies off into the clouds. You shrug and resolve to anonymously, heh, write some stories for her, perhaps about Fluttershy and Mr. Bear. You can always claim they were actually for Butterfry.Mmmm, fried in butter. Your stomach growls, and you have your next destination. As you walk back out of town, you see a flash of pink out of the corner of your eye.ALL HANDS TO BATTLE STATIONS!BEGIN EVASIVE MANEUVERS!A hoof snags your shoulder, and Pinkie Pie swings into view, a large cake in her other hoof."Oooooooooohhh,"Oh no. A dancing chorus of background ponies quickly encircles the two of you."We want to tell our favorite ape this,"" We're so glad you're not a rapist!"You are beginning to get dizzy."Right, good. Well, I-""Sooooooooooooo,""God damn it.""To balance all the hateful wordses,""Here's some celebratory foodses!"You accept the cake with as much grace as you can, hooking the handle of your new bucket in your elbow."Okay, thanks, this looks great. Now if you'll excuse me...""Weeeeeeeeee'rrrreeeeeeee,"You rather preferred when they would throw cupcakes and yell insults."Ecstatic you won't fill us with semen,""Nor give our pussies a reamin'!""Classy.""Heeeeeeeerrrrreeeeee,""This is thanks for all our sake,""We baked you a no-rape-cake!"The background ponies cheer and wander off, no longer compelled by the musical group mind."The song is over now, right?"Pinkie Pie nods cheerfully."Yuppers. Although~, if you want I could sing it again!""Once was enough, thank you.""You're welcome! Now don't be a stranger, alright?""Sure thing."She beams at you, then bounces away. So, you have a cake and a half an hour walk to your home, and then to Fluttershy's. Might as well get started.You are Twilight Sparkle, mentally checking items off a list. Anon looks much happier today, it looks like the plan worked. You feel proud about the friendship report you sent to Celestia. All of Ponyville is back on good terms, most of your friends too. Rainbow Dash... that's going to take time. Aside from that, the only one that's left is Applejack.You find her about where you expect her, out bucking trees. She takes a break when she notices you."Well, howdy Twilight! What brings you out here?""I thought I'd let you know about some developments in town.""Oh?""Last night, the whole town got together and went down to Anonymous' house.""Y'all ran him out? Yer tellin' me he could be comin' for me, waitin' til I let mah guard down, and he just up and fills me with his seed?"Your jaw drops."That's not it at all! It turns out no one has been raped, and we all apologized for shunning him, and now we can all live in harmony!"Applejack shakes her head."That's all fine and dandy for you to say, but ah'm afraid ah can't be as forgivin'. After all, look at mah tush. Ah've seen Anon a starin', and that was when we thought he was a fine, well mannered fella."It is a nice butt, you have to admit."Applejack, he is a well mannered fellow."The farmpony sets her jaw. It seems she's going to be stubborn about this." 'Course he is, around you! No offense, but there ain't no stallions a fightin' for a taste of your pie, if you catch mah meanin'."Did she just-"Did you just imply I'm ugly?""You ain't ugly, Twilight. You just ain't a full enough package for colts to overlook your bookish ways.""Full enough package? I'm not the pony who is so proud of her body that she thinks an innocent being wants to rape her!""It ain't pride! I just know he wants to knock me up, and use me, and make y'all watch, and kiss his real marefriend, and call me a low down dirty whore, greedy for his hot dickin'."...This might not be a matter of pride after all."Did somepony do this to you before?"Applejack snorts."Like Tartarus. Big Mac or ah woulda beat anypony as tried. That's just it though, Anon ain't no pony, he got his predator strength, and that musk that lets you know deep down that the only reason you ain't on the menu is that he ain't hungry yet."Something about this is off, yet familiar."So, you would fight, but he's so strong and dangerous, it's better if you just...let it happen?"Applejack smiles in relief."You do understand. Most of the time, ah can put it out of mah mind, but when he's around, ah can't stop thinkin' about how he's gonna take me, and pump me full of his monkey cum.""Or how the library is so deep and quiet, no one will come to help you, even if you struggle."Applejack shifts her hind legs a little."Ah'm almost always alone out here, Twi. He could knock me out and make me his cock slave, and nopony would notice for hours."It's getting a little hot out, even in the shade."I don't leave the library often, so he could tie me up for days, and nopony would know. Just me, him, and whatever he wanted to do to me.""Ah have all that rope too, he wouldn't have to go far, just tie me up in the barn and rut me til ah'm out of mah mind."By now both of you are breathing rather heavily. You know this feeling, you know it well. Those muggy nights after reading records of historical conquests. Those shameful griffin magazines. Poor Applejack thinks she's scared of Anon. It's up to you to teach her."You know, we're alone right now."Applejack's eyes widen."You think he'd rape both of us? Make us watch each other get violated?"You take a step forward, preparing your magic."Does that make you excited? Let me see."You levitate her front end up, leaving bare her dripping marehood. She yelps."Hey now, no need to do anythin'-"You take a lick, your tongue lingering and dipping into every fold of her marehood. She shivers, her eyes rolling back in her head for a brief moment."Twi?"You set her on her back on the ground."Anon isn't a rapist, Applejack. You just want to be raped.""No! Ah-"You pour on the magic, pressing her limbs firmly against the ground. You drag the edge of your hoof gently down her barrel."You are all alone, held down by an irresistible force, and your marehood is winking. Can you honestly say you don't wish Anon would rape you?""Ah- Twilight, ah can honestly say...""Yes?"She looks at you with an embarrassed expression."This would be nicer if you weren't a mare."Luckily, you came prepared."How about this?"You bring Nat out, his boner fully erect. He's such a perfect human, you just knew you couldn't keep him all to yourself. Applejack's eyes are fixated on his shaft."Does that work? Can it...consummate?"You walk the doll over, giving his ass a playful squeeze with your hoof."It took some minor enchanting, and some tubes and alterations, but yes! Now, close your eyes and think of Equestria."It feels a little weird, watching your husbando penetrate another mare, but the smile on Applejack's face is worth it. Besides, once he's done with her, he can rut you on top of her, and kiss you because you are his real marefriend.You are Anon, and you are not really looking forward to seeing Fluttershy again. Still, it had to happen sometime, and it would be better now, on your own terms. And there is the promise of meat. You knock on the cottage door. It opens."Oh! Anon, hi. Um."It doesn't help that you are carefully avoiding her eyes."Hello Fluttershy. I saw a voucher for meat stew, and I have to ask, is it Ashtoreth?""Ashtoreth? Oh nonono, the meat comes from one of the poor dead critters the animals bring me."That's kinda weird. Wait."Carrion meat?"Butterquiet tilts her head"A little? Don't worry, it's very fresh, and I preserve a fair amount too. Normally I'd feed it to the bears and other meat eaters, but I guess you are one too."She glides over to the kitchen"Um, take a seat? Your stew should be done in a bit."You sit down on a divan, brushing some fur off the cushion. An awkward silence reigns, underlined by the nervous staccato chopping of the kitchen knife. Her usual personality is pretty timid, and you can't help but think of what happened last time you were here. You don't know if you will ever forgive or forget, but,"There were a lot of ponies at my house last night. I'm sure that took some effort."Fluttershy pauses in her work."Oh no! I didn't use my stare or anything I promise! Besides, it was mostly Twilight and Rarity who..."Her voice drifts off in a mumble."Even so, thanks. That sheep thing... I doubt I'll ever forgive you for that. Still, if we never talk about it again, we can at least get along."She gives you a solemn nod."I can do that. I'm very good at not talking."You smile a little at that."Alright then."As you wait for the meal to cook, you listen to the sounds of the cottage. There is a lot of scrabbling about, and softer rustles. From time to time, a small furry animal scampers from one hole to another. Where your shack has an aching silence, this one has a living silence. Maybe you should get a pet sometime.At last, the stew is done. Your mouth is already watering. You get tunnel vision. There is only you and the stew. You scoop up some meat and potato. Your taste buds politely inform you that you have died and gone to heaven. Tears fall unchecked from your blind eyes. You somehow get another spoonful. This is not just any meat."Was this from a cow?"Buttercry is panicking."I'm so sorry! Were you friends with a cow? You lost your best cow friend? Please, I'll make some other stew-"You shake your head, color and shapes returning to your vision."Don't worry, Butterfry,""I'm Fluttershy?""Right. Don't worry, you have reunited me with a very old friend of mine, the taste of beef. It was an intensely spiritual experience I do not have the words to describe. Please, if ever you have cow meat again, let me know."She starts to settle down."O-okay? It was good?""Fluttershy, I am going to eat this bowl full of stew, then the rest of the stew in that pot, even if it makes me feel sick afterward. If you have any more of that meat, I will pay you whatever you want for it."And that is exactly what you do. You walk home, your hands full with Fluttershy's immense meat package. You feel a little bloated, having most of a pot of stew in your stomach. It was worth it.At any rate, you see your shack around the bend in the trail. And on your doorstep, a certain alicorn is tied up. It had been quiet on that front, you suppose. As you get nearer, she notices you."Ah, woe is me, for some villain has tied me up and left me at the mercies of the devilish human!"You wonder how she fantasizes away her immense magical power in these little scenarios. You come to a stop a few feet from her."Having fun down there?"She leans her head back in melodramatic distress."What twisted words! Who can save me from his mind games? Even now I find myself compelled to submit to his will!"Then you hear a voice from above."I'll save you, Princess!"Celestia pauses."What?"	You're too busy getting tackled by an angry pegasus. Luckily, your meat takes most of the impact, but you still hit the ground fairly hard."The hell, Rainbow Dash?"She glares at you."You've gone too far! I'll defend Celestia from your filthy hands!"Celestia scowls."No! Go away!"Rainbow slowly turns to look at sunbutt."Are you alright, Princess?""I was about to get some hot human action! Now go!"Rainbow backs away from the both of you."You...want him? Even though he had a dream about raping me?"Celestia manages to blush. You don't have time for this."Look, this is fascinating and all, but I have a lot of meat that I need to pack away, so excuse me if I don't get involved."Rainbow looks at you with disgust."You eat meat? That figures."You walk up to her, the slab of meat in your hands."I know you were friends with a griffon. You really should be more understanding."Then you slap her with your meat package, hard. She staggers back, angry and a little creeped out. Celestia's eyes are wide."Oh! Slap me with your meat! I mean, oh no, what if the human slaps me with his meat?"Rainbow's retaliatory forehoof stops mid-swing, and she  looks at the princess in confusion.	"What's wrong with you?"You sigh."Ever since the ponies around here started thinking I was a rapist, Celestia has been trying to cheer me up by pretending to be turned on by the idea.""I was never pretending."...You turn slowly to look at her. She blushes. Rainbow's jaw drops. Celestia pouts."Would you believe he has never done anything about it? Here I am, with the finest hindquarters in Equestria, in all kinds of compromising positions, and he has done nothing!"Dash looks at you warily."I don't believe it."Celestia nods fervently."Me either! One time, I even pretended to fall asleep with my marehood over his face! You know what he did? He pushed me off, the wrapped me in a blanket!""You were awake the whole time?"Sunbutt smiles."I did rather like how you manhandled me. So strong."Rainbow Dash gives you a skeptical look."Even I would have gone for that. What's wrong with you?""Well, of course you would have gone for that."She glares at you."What's that supposed to mean?"You roll your eyes."You think mares are pretty and you like to touch them."She starts to blush."Sh-shut up!"Celestia grins."Go on! Use your twisted mind to expose her lust! Oh, and Rainbow Dash, there isn't anything wrong with liking mares. You are not the first of my little ponies to feel that way, it's perfectly normal."The pegasus blinks."Really?"Celestia nods. Bluefast blinks again."Oh."You walk to your door. Your meat has no time for this."Congratulations, we have all learned something this day. We could even write a letter to sum it all up, but I intend to put this meat in the icebox before it spoils. So excuse me, Princess."You are about to step over sunbutt-"Please, slap me with your meat."You roll your eyes. Still, she's been nice to you. You grip your meat firmly and swing it against her face. Her head turns with the blow, a goofy smile on her face."Right then."You step over her, and into your house. After you toss it into your icebox, you wash your hands in the basin."I am innocent of the blood of this cow meat: see ye to it."Having entrusted the icebox to this grave task, you turn once more to sorting out the mess out front. Rainbow is scowling at the sky. Celestia smiles at your return."Done playing with your meat?""Soon enough. With any luck, it'll get nice and hard in the icebox."You look up to see what Rainbow is staring at. A cloud, you guess. You shake your head and approach Skittles."So, aside from the dream thing, we cool?""I'm the coolest."She blinks, then looks at you with an irritated expression on her face."What were you saying?"You resist the urge to roll your eyes."I asked if we are cool, in the sense of hostilities.""I'm still the coolest. But yeah, just keep your stinky meat away from me, and we'll be cool."You shrug."It's on ice. So what are you angry at now?"Rainbow scowls at the sky again."Luna. If she didn't open that stupid Canterlot Mouth of hers, we wouldn't be in this mess.""We should get back at her somehow..."Dash grins at you."Let's prank her together! Go get your stinking meat!"You set your hands on your hips."Hell no! That's my precious beef, and I will not part with it!"The pegasus rolls her eyes."Whatever. So, you up for pranking the peeping princess?""Count me in."You turn to the amused mare tied up on your doorstep."Hey, we're punking your sister. Wanna come?"Celestia casually breaks the ropes binding her legs, getting up and stretching her legs like a certain pegasus about to leap into flight."I always want to come with you, Anon.""Sweet, I could use a ride."Sunbutt lowers herself to the ground, and you climb onto her back."You are welcome to ride me anytime, anywhere."Rainbow Dash groans."Come on, that's not even subtle!"Celestia grins at you."Yes, come on, me.""Sorry, Sunbutt, you already used that innuendo. No points."She pouts. Rainbow chokes on air."Sunbutt?"You sigh."Can we just go? Revenge is a dish best served now."Rainbow eyes the princess, and grins."Race ya!"The ponies leap into the air, furiously flapping their wings to gain altitude. It is about then that you remember you don't handle heights that well. You bury your face in Celestia's neck."Oh god, I'm so high right now. I'm not sure I can handle this..."	Celestia chuckles."You can handle me, if it makes you feel better.""Not the time!"Your ears pop several times during the ascent. Stupid competitive flying horses. At last you hear hooves clatter on stone, and you know you have arrived. 	You shakily slide off Celestia's back, a little chilly, but you know better than to say anything about it. When you focus on the mares, they're smiling from behind their hooves- Well, Sunbutt is. Rainbow is just pointing and laughing."Is it wittew Anon's first time?"You grimace."Laugh it up, featherball. I've never ridden a horse, let alone a flying one."Celestia's eyes go wide."I was your first? I-I'm so happy!"You scowl at her."Aren't you supposed to be pretending to be scared of my evil ways?"She winks at you."In private, Anon. In public, I'm afraid I must be wild hearted, yet motherly."Rainbow shakes her head at you."I still can't believe you didn't tap that."You shrug."Not everything is about sex, you know."Dash gives you another dubious look, then turns to Celestia."We should go somewhere secret to plan out the pranking campaign. Any place like that around here?"Sunbutt smirks."I have one in mind. Follow me."She sets off at a stately trot, and you and Rainbow follow behind. The hallways are largely empty, the occasional scribe or servant passing by with only a cursory nod. What this means is, you are now focused on the generous sway of the hips in front of you. Rainbow Dash whispers, "Damn." and bites her lip. Celestia casts an amused glance over her shoulder."Oh, how inconsiderate of me."She lifts her tail up and to the side. Between the shifting muscles of her ass and the bared marevag, your boner is almost painful in its intensity. Rainbow seems to be even more affected. She breathes huskily, her wings at full mast."I'm going in, Anon.""Wha-"Rainbow darts forward and buries her mouth in Sunbutt's pussy. Celestia's visible eye widens."Oh! That's a little too..."Dash's tongue dips deeply into the sunflower, lapping at her sweet nectar. The princess bites her lip."Never mind."She starts walking again, and Rainbow struggles to keep up. Meanwhile, your pants are getting too tight. You sidle up to Celestia's flank, and give it a good squeeze. She actually squeaks in surprise. Sunbutt comes to a halt, her breath hitching as that drives Dash's tongue deeper. Celestia looks at you with half-lidded eyes."It's about time."There's a flash of golden light, and you find yourself in a room of understated elegance. Dark blue walls, purple carpeting, a long golden cushion on a darker purple pad. This is Celestia's bedroom. The mare in question flops on her back onto the sleeping pad, a classy futon, you suppose. Dash immediately resumes eating her out."Dang, Dash, am I going to have a turn?"Her voice is muffled by Celestia's flesh."Mph Mhk."Tough luck, you suppose. Sunbutt strokes the pegasus's mane fondly. She then looks at you with an obviously faked expression of horror."Oh no! I have been brought low by the expert tongue of the human's servant,""Mrhmn?""Hush. What ever shall I do? I fear for the sanctity of my mouth, for that is the only hole available to him."Well, when you put it that way. You unzip your pants and stand over Celestia. Your heart races as you deploy your boner. Celestia licks her lips. You reach down and grab Sunbutt's head, slipping easily into her mouth. She hums with pleasure, her tongue swirling around your dick in her hot, wet mouth. You groan in pleasure, instinctively thrusting back and forth. Your hands drift, gripping her horn, grasping at the silken hairs of her mane. As your hand shifts slightly on her horn, Celestia lets out a muffled keening, and she sucks extra hard on your dick. You almost cum then and there, but you hold back by the skin of your teeth. You slow your thrusting, moving in time with your hand stroking her horn. Sunbutt's eyes roll back, her breathing fast and shallow as she loses what gentle skill she had. Celestia milks your cock with every fiber of her being, tongue and cheeks working furiously to undermine whatever control you once had. You bring your other hand to bear on the hornjob, even as you surrender to the exquisite assault. Celestia shudders, clamping Rainbow's head down on her nether regions, her mouth making swallowing motions around your manhood. At that, you lose the last vestige of restraint, and shoot rope after rope into her exquisite mouth. She spends a several long seconds sucking and swallowing, the waves of pleasure nearly blinding you.At last, her head falls back, and Dash is released from her honeyed prison. Rainbow rolls onto her back, panting. You join the club, laying down to rest by Celestia."Wow."The two mares grunt in agreement. A minute passes, and Sunbutt staggers to her hooves."Celestia?"She smiles at your concern."I have yet to reward one of my little ponies for her diligent service."With that, she lowers her mouth to Rainbow's unguarded flower. Dash looks down in shock, hips twitching at the gentle ministrations of the sun princess. The pegasus lays back slowly, her back arching at the stimulation."Anon?" She says with a strangled voice"Yeah?""It's official. We're cool.""Nice."Rainbow's hips start bucking in earnest."Thunderbolts, this feels good~, oh yeah."Celestia hums happily. It only takes a few more seconds before Rainbow's hooves are scrabbling for purchase on the floor, an inarticulate yell echoing in the chamber. Sunbutt lifts her face from the twitching mare's vagina, then walks over to you to lay down, her head resting on your chest. You idly stroke her mane, content with her warmth. Then you hear a knocking at the door."Sister, thou were not at supper, art thou well?"Celestia's eyes widen and she gets up quickly."Oh, I'm fine, my nap just went little longer than I expected."Silence for a moment"Verily? I did not sense thee in dreaming."The door opens."Now, speak tru...ly..."Luna's eyes dart from the embarrassed face of her sister, to your now flaccid cock left on display, to Rainbow's prone form. She glares at you, magic glowing from her horn. You quickly rise to your feet and run towards her. She rears back."Rapist! Today thou shalt know justice!"	Whatever spell she tried to case was blocked by Celestia's golden light. Seizing your chance, you reach up and grab Luna's horn with both hands. Immediately, her legs buckle beneath her. Moonbutt tries to wrench her horn from your grasp, but it only ends up stimulating her even more, eliciting a small gasp. She stares accusingly at her sister."Wilt thou suffer me to be molested so?"Celestia frowns"Sister, I really had hoped this could be settled some other way, but you must listen to this human, and this pony. Otherwise, justice will not be served."Luna scowls at that, then sighs."Very well. Now, wilt thou command the human to cease his audacious touch?"Sunbutt nods at you. You let go cautiously, and surreptitiously put your dick away. Well, it's not too surreptitious, both of the Princesses watch you do it. Luna glares at you."Speak of thy grievance."You glare right back."Some time ago, you intruded on one of my dreams, I think you know which one."Moonbutt nodded."I see thou hast made it reality."Celestia coughed."That was me."Rainbow sighs."And it was AWESOME!"Luna turns back to you, uncertain now."You took it upon yourself to warn every pony about my supposed true nature, effectively running me out of house and home and driving me to live on the edge of civilization, dependent on the efforts of the cutie mark crusaders."She nods at that."A fitting consequence."You fight back the urge to punch her smug face."Except I have never raped any pony! Not then, not now! You even told the details of the dream to every damn pony in Ponyville!"Rainbow approaches at that, a scowl on her face."Not cool, Princess. Now, when ponies see me, they think of that. Heck, a lot of ponies used to think I was actually raped, and some still do."Luna looks uneasy at that."Mayhaps some discretion would have been advisable on my part..."Celestia shakes her head."Sister, we have a court of law. Even there, what you witness in dreams is not admissible as evidence. Not only did you malign a guest of our world, you also filled his home town with fear and rumor, damaging the reputation of one of it's most loyal fliers."	Moonbutt is looking rather apprehensive at this turn of events	. Celestia continues."Were you any other pony, it would be a simple matter of publishing the truth, and imprisoning the liar. Fortunately for you, much of Ponyville is now convinced of the truth, and my student is working to convince the rest. I would like not to imprison you, as you have spent too long as such. Therefore, I leave your fate to those whom you have wronged."You meet Rainbow's eyes. The two of you turn to Sunbutt."We're going to need some time to discuss this."Celestia nods."By all means."You and Rainbow Dash retreat to a corner, eyeing Luna as you whisper."I'm thinking mandatory sexy outfits.""How can clothes be sexy? You're just covering things up.""It's...hard to explain. At any rate, the outfits might be my part of the punishment, and you can add whatever.""You know, there is one thing covering her up..."Both of you stare at Luna's tail, then meet each others eyes with a grin."Okay, so definitely moving the tail out of the way. What should we have her do, so that we can admire the view?"Rainbow chews on her lip thoughtfully"Something that can go on for days...""Cheerleading?""Can you imagine, with her Canterlot royal voice?"Yeah, not the best idea."Something where she's in our homes, in all sorts of poses...""Have her be a maid? Uniform and all?"Dash hums at that."She'd a have to clean for us, to cook, and shower with us."You raise your eyebrows."Ponies shower with their maids?"Rainbow smirks."This one will."Oh yes."Sounds like a plan. How long do you think we could stretch this out for?"Dash shrugs."We had our problems for like, two months?""She'll have princess duties. Maybe if she spends an hour in the morning for each of us, we could stretch it to a year?"Rainbow eyed Luna up and down."A year of waking up to that? Nice."When Luna heard the terms, she was outraged."Thou canst not be serious! Thy suggestion is humiliating, most unfitting for a pony of my stature!"Celestia scowls."I think it is highly fitting for a pony of your hubris. Do not tempt me to make this a life long punishment."Luna backs away from Dash's and your eager grins."Methinks I shall accept this year of servitude."Celestia turns a serious face to the two of you."It is a fitting punishment. Please, however, keep in mind that you are not to sexually harass her. It would not do for you two to become criminals in the course of this punishment."You and Dash nod in acquiescence."Understood.""Yeah, you got it."Then Sunbutt smiles."I'm so glad you two will be making an honest mare out of her."You grin."After we're done with her, she won't be a-maidin'."Rainbow Dash groans."Seriously, you two? Okay, how's this, we'll have so much fun fucking with Luna. Happy?"You meet Celestia's eyes. As one, both of you shake your heads."Lacked subtlety.""You have much to learn, my little pony."Rainbow huffs at that."Whatever, your little innuendo club is dumb anyways."You rub your chin."We should make an innuendo club. I know at least the mayor would be a fun member."Celestia looks interested."Really? The honorable Mayor Mare?"You nod."In her own words, she is an 'eager and attentive public servant.'"Rainbow Dash facehoofs."You really weren't supposed to make an actual club."You smirk at her."Keep it up, and you may end up inspiring the largest orgy in recorded history."Celestia tilts her head slightly."Public servant..."..."One way to find out..."Dash just rolls her eyes."Whatever, I'm done here. See you in the morning, Luna."Luna nods politely, still a little off balance at the shifting personality of her older sister. You and Sunbutt wave as the pegasus flies home. Finally, she turns to you with a sultry look."Shall we return to the privacy of your home? I have some rope that's just begging to be taken advantage of."Luna makes a sound of disgust. Celestia wears a predatory grin."Oh, would you like to join in? I'm sure Anon here can handle two mares."Moonbutt flees."It appears the moon is waning.""You'll see a full moon soon enough."You reach up."Until then, I'll have fun making you horny."Your fingers gently curl around the velvety spire on top of her head. Celestia takes a sudden, deep breath. She gazes at you with sultry eyes."It seems you have a firm grasp on what I like.""I remember touching on the subject in the past."With that, you give her horn a slow, twisting stroke. Her legs collapse underneath her, and she moans audibly."All is lost! I can feel my magic drain away under his hot touch. Maybe he will teleport us to his remote home, all the better to ravage the beautiful princess!"Eh? Oh, right."Very perceptive, Princess. First I shall claim your power, then your body. You are my captive, and I shall enjoy being your master."You tap her horn gently, and a golden light flashes again. Back in your home, you proceed to thank Celestia for all her help. You thank her so hard.AN: I apologize in advance for the possible butchering of the english language.Thou art Luna, Princess of the Moon, Nocturnal Sovereign, This very morning thou hast set about the task set before thee as an penance. Thou alightest upon the cloudy firmament of the Loyalty's dwelling. Shame and anger turneth in thy stomach. Thou supposest this is by design. Nevertheless, thou dost not don thy humble raiment until thou art upon the very threshold of thy solemn duty. Tis at this same time that thou afix thy tail to reveal thy secret parts. Thus feeling somewhat like an harlot, thou dost enter the stately cloud haven. It striketh thee as absurd that, for one so averse to the promptings of fashion, there still lieth strewn about many items of clothing. Thy nose is offended upon further investigation; verily thou art needed here. Tis with a heavy heart that thou fulfillest the first of the terms of thy punishment. Thou dost prod the insensate form of thy guiltbringer. She doth moan,"Five more minutes, mom."Ah! From whence cometh this stirring in thy bosom? Thou dost gently smooth her unruly hair. What light glows in the fluttering eyes, what fondness stirreth in thy breast? Rainbow Dash rouseth, a smile coming but softly to her face."Oh yeah! This is going to be awesome!"Thou snortest."Verily."Thou canst scarce track her movement ere she lift thy pittance of a skirt. This be thy forfeit, that she is permitted to gaze upon thy marehood, yet thou art unprepared for the boldness in which she doth proceed."Damn, Anon was right, this does make it better.""How so?"To thy relief, she doth lower the skirt o'er thy nethers."Something about covering up makes revealing your pussy more exciting."To thy shock, she doth lift thy skirt again, her bold hooves grazing thy hindquarters."Oh yeah, I'm liking this already."Whence cometh the heat to thy face? Thou canst bear the inspection for only so long before thou art compelled to speak."Mayhaps I shall prepare thy morning repast?""Holy sh- I mean, wow, can I really eat you out?"Thou dost plead internally that thy loins betray not the effect these words have upon thee."Nay, I spake of true sustenance, as doth come from partaking of cakes of the pan."Blessed relief, thy skirt is lowered."Oh well, a girl can hope. Sure, pancakes sounds good."Thou proceedest to the diminutive kitchen, recalling thy training of the night previous. Minor scrying doth reveal the location of a pan, and a box of mixed ingredients relevant to thy purpose. The box is an aid to thy failing memory, and thou easily preparest the batter. Thou sensest a presence betwixt thy rearward hooves. Thou findest thy morning's master grinning on the floor. Thou shiftest uncomfortably."Must thou conduct thyself thus?""Yup. Could you spread your legs a bit?"Thou dost comply, deep reservoirs of reluctance flowing within. E'en as thou returnest to thy task, thou feel more the harlot than when thou once pleasured thyself to the memory of a guard's unbidden erec-Nay! Banish these wanton thoughts! Twould be easier, but for the admirer of thy loins. The first pancake suffereth from thy distraction. It is malformed, nearly black upon one side, and rather pale on the other. Thou dost resolve to improve. It becometh easier, when thou dost deceive thyself, saying within that there is but a foal beneath thee, and thou art cooking its breakfast. To thy relief, Loyalty doth tire of her viewings and goeth about, setting the table. A balm to your pride, the second pancake is well-proportioned and evenly cooked. Thou noticest a second plate upon the table."Art thou expecting a guest this morn?"Thou smoothest thy skirts anxiously."No, why?"She layeth the butter gently down."For what reason then hast thou set another place at thy table?""So you can have breakfast too?"She dost perceive thy confusion."Look, I want to embarrass you, not make you go hungry. If you come out of this punishment hating Anon and I, that's not what anypony wants. Understand?"In truth, thou hast had thy supper before, for the hours of thy servitude art but the last ere thou sleepest. Nevertheless, thou endeavorest to smile."Then I shall sup with thee."Thy nose alerteth thee to calamity. Thou hastenest back to the pan, futilely flipping thy latest attempt. A charred circle mocketh thee. Thy guiltbringer's laughter is not unkind, though thy face still heateth with chagrin. E'en after breakfast hath passed, she speaks of framing thy two abominations. Mystery of mysteries, at her words, they art consumed in flames azure, not even ashes remain. Thou hast no idea how that event came to pass. None at all."Okay then... laundry next. And no magic!"Thou hast an inkling."Thou intendeth to leer at mine posterior as I go about, I perceive."Her grin is shameless."Yup!"Alas, such is thy penance. The rest of thy hour of servitude in the clouds doth pass in like manner. Thou dost not become wholely accustomed to the intermittent uncovering of thy marehood. Nevertheless, Loyalty doth conduct herself in such a manner that thou dost not resent her peeking too much. Thou must admit, tis a novel experience, conversing with a pony who hath little regard for propriety, nor fear at thy power. Not since Nightmare Night, thou supposest. Thou leavest the clouds, a smile upon thy countenance.Thy anxiety riseth as thou standest before Anonymous' door. For he is both more grievously wronged, and emphatically male. Thou dost steel thy resolve and pressest onward and inward. Thou art struck by how the hovel is but slightly unkempt, rope fragments and wood shavings for the most part. Then thine eye alighteth upon a carving left upon a low table. Such a tender embrace, betwixt the human and alicorn. Is this a gift? Thou castest thine eyes about, only to stop. 'Twould appear thou art not depicted in the piece. Thy sister doth slumber beneath the human, contentment upon their countenances. How...nice, that she find a bedmate, whilst thou spendeth thy night in solitude. Again.Thy heart is unified in the performance of thy duty. Thou sweepeth the blanket away, letting the cruel, chilly morning air nip...at... By the void and stars, Anonymous is still sheathed in thy sister. Thy breath cometh quickly. Thou must avert thy gaze. Thou shalt not witness-There is no mercy in the universe, the human pillar shifts before thy eyes. Twas not of this magnitude when thou saw it in Celestia's bed chambers. It riseth, and it falleth, with the rhythm of his slow breath. Thou must act. Thou approachest his bedside. Thou prodest his shoulder with thy hoof. Such warm skin."Verily, thou must awaken!"Thou prodest him with both hooves. His head doth shift, but naught else. In the mean time, he hath not ceased his sleeping procreation, nay, but increased his pace. Thy sister beginneth to moan. Upon what path lieth propriety? Verily, discretion is the better part of diligence. Thou makest as to leave, til thou hearest Celestia's voice."Luna."Oh that thou could return to the moon."Yes, sister?"She doth not reply. Ah, somniloquy. Thou art distracted by the sound of flesh slapping-"Cease thy obscenity! Neither of ye sleepest!"The human ceaseth not and sayeth,"Hold on, I'm getting close!"Such-Impropriety"CELESTIA, THY WINK HATH NO PLACE AT THIS JUNCTURE!""Oh wow, we need your Luna to yell at you some more, you are so tight~."Thou hast no words. Thy widened eyes record every twitch. It hath been written in the book of fate, thou hast witnessed the plowing and seeding of thy sister. Thou requires strong drink and a dreamless sleep. Thy penance can wait.Hmmm, the little prank may have gone too far. You can see a similar thought in Celestia's eyes."Well, we should probably apologize to her.""I agree."..."After we shower."The two of you stand outside Luna's bedroom door. You knock."Look, I'm sorry it got a little out of hand this morning,"Her voice cuts you off."Out of hoof? I HAVE WITNESSED THEE FILL HER WOMB WHILST I REMAIN A SPINSTER!""I'm sorry! I'll make it up to you somehow, alright?""LEAVE MINE THRESHOLD!"You follow Celestia around the corner and down the hall. She chews on her lip."I had thought, with a guard or somepony..."	"Um, what do you mean?"Celestia sighs."I was always a bit more noticeable, when we were growing up. I often talked and flirted with mares and stallions, and I guess she...didn't."You wince."So we just sorta rubbed her face in her own loneliness.""Indeed."You walk along in silence for a bit."We'll just have to find her a coltfriend, then."Celestia considers this."You'll have to be careful about the stallion you pick. We don't want her being taken advantage of, or lied to."True, true. Wait."I'll have to be careful? Aren't you coming too?"Sunbutt gives you a regretful smile."I do have to rule Equestria from time to time. While you look, why don't you found the innuendo club? I would be interested to see who you recruit. Now, go my consort."She swats your butt with a wing, then teleports you back home before you can react. Cheeky mare. As you eat breakfast, you consider your next move. You'll want to go into town, but what will be your cover story? You look around your shack like a peckish person peers into a fridge. Maybe you should make it bigger? You have an inkling that guests will be more common, and you only have a chair and a bed for sitting. A couch it is. There should be enough bits from the commission to cover the cost. That decided, you finish getting ready for the day.It still strikes you as weird that some shop signs don't actually have words on them, just images. Quill and sofa. The proprietor greets you eagerly."Can I interest you in some quills or a sofa? You seem like a sofa kind of guy.""Good guess, I am indeed in the market for a sofa."He grins and motions you inside."I have sofas of all makes and models, magical and non-magical, rustic and sophisticated."There are quite a few, almost more that you'd think could fit in the store."Magical couches?"He jerks his head to a section of the store that you notice has a bit of a glow to it."Mostly secondhand, but I have a good friend in Canterlot who fixes up the spellwork, your safety guaranteed."You step carefully here, more than a little wary of magic. Davenport senses this. He pats some cushions with a grin."I've personally sat on every once of these. Trust me, they aren't dangerous."Then something catches your eye."Why's that one in a case? It looks like it's in surprisingly good condition, but you can definitely tell it's secondhand."His smile turns rueful."That's one I got from a guy named boxcar Joe. I can't bring myself to sell it, but I still like to see it around from time to time."Alright... At any rate, you start looking around. There are tags detailing the enchantments on the couches. Dreamless Sleep, Hangover Warding, Self-cleaning, and so on. You are reminded of your obligation to Luna. Better ease into the question."So, quills and sofas. It's an interesting combination for a shop."At once, you can tell he gets the question fairly often."It is, isn't it? It started a while ago, when I had a friend in Celestia's school for gifted unicorns. I happened to be visiting while his marefriend was studying with him. They looked like they were so comfortable, wrapped up in research, lying together. That was when I knew that I wanted to help more ponies reach that special state. Perhaps one day, that'll be me."Huh."Seems like Canterlot would be a better place, if you want to supply researching ponies.""I do have a branch up there, but I want somepony for whom research is their life, not what they have to do for a degree. Ponyville is enough of a weirdness magnet that we get more than our fair share of researchers."Fair enough."Like Twilight?"Davenport laughs oddly."One of my best customers."You pat his shoulder in sympathy."Not a sofa kind of mare, huh?"He sags."Beds and chairs, nothing in between. It's tragic."You nod."What do you think of Luna, then?"He looks at you in confusion."Not much to go on, really. No offense, but why are you, of all ponies, asking about her?"You acknowledge the point with a grimace."It's gotten complicated. Let's just say, that I owe it to her to help her find somepony to take the edge off of her loneliness."His eyebrows rise."That is complicated...and you're going to have to look elsewhere. I'm more of a simple guy, and I don't want to get in the way of her crush on you."..."You said you didn't know her, how-"He chuckles."I could be wrong, but she's already seen you in action, and now you're trying to put a stallion between her and you. It doesn't take Fetlock Bones to figure out what's going on."You really hope that is not the case. Still, it does explain why she was in your dreams in the first place. And why she took it so badly. Crap."Right, never mind."You sink down onto a nearby couch, andOh.Oh my.You lean against the backrest. It's like sitting in a cloud, with all the warmth of clothes fresh from the dryer. Davenport smiles."Nice, isn't it? Just between you and me, that one is from the college days of a certain couple currently in the Crystal Empire right now."You believe it."How much?"At this he looks regretful, and names a sum. You cough a little at the price."That's a lot for a couch."He shrugs."It's about as low as I'm willing to go. Tell you what, though. You seem like a well-connected guy, I'll knock off a few hundred bits if you put in the good word for me."That will still take most of your commission pay..."Imagine how easy it would be to go from sitting together to lying together. It's just so warm and relaxing."It is warm and relaxing. You check the tag for enchantments. [Warmth, Plush, Purifying, Guardrail, ...]"Guardrail?""So you don't fall off while doing...things."Easy come, easy go you guess."I'll buy it."After some minor lifting, you have it up on two large, wooden dollies. You roll it out the back of the shop. The morning breeze is refreshing. You exchange greetings with ponies passing by, a bit of gray entering your peripheral vision."Anonymous, I can't tell you how glad I am to see you out and about in town!"Mayor Mare trots up beside you, her gaze lingering on your arms."Not in public, that is."You should probably pretend not to have heard that last bit."Good morning, Madame Mayor. Anything I can help you with?""Oh yes, I could use you in- ahahaha, forgive me, it is I who should be asking if you need any help."She bites her lip, then continues,"That couch looks awfully heavy, even with your strong arms and powerful legs. I could help you push, I am an earth pony after all. Look at how well toned my legs are!"She poses a bit ahead, her hind legs locked and her rear slightly raised. Subtle."I see. Don't worry though, the couch is on wheels. I barely have to push it to keep it going."The Mayor looks a little disappointed at that, but rallies."Might I ask what the occasion is? Are you perhaps at odds with the princess, and thus forced to sleep on a couch?"If you didn't know better, you'd say she was fishing for gossip."No, I just had a feeling that I'd be getting more guests sooner or later. Might as well have a place for them to sit.""You know, I pride myself on welcoming guests. Perhaps a mare's touch in your home would be nice?"She strokes the couch suggestively. Then she stares at it. You smirk."A rather warm couch, isn't it?""You bought the Couch of Opened Flower?""Is that what it's called? Huh."She glances between you and the couch."Replacing the bed, I see."Fair enough, it is a bit better than your old bed. This whole conversation reminds you,"Say, would you like to join the innuendo club?"She stumbles at that, and you pause at the outskirts of town."P-pardon me?""Celestia and I have a fair amount of fun throwing around sexy double meanings. She wanted to do it more often, so she asked me to make a club around the idea. What do you say?""Of course, that sounds delightful. Indeed, it rather explains a letter I received earlier today."She hands you a scroll, her hoof trembling. You take it and start reading."Dear Mayor Mare,I would appreciate it if you were to personally welcome the human Anonymous, and offer him your every service and orifice. I know it is rather irregular, and you must not let a hint of this arrangement go beyond you and Anon. Even I must pretend to be in ignorance of this, for the good of my public image. You are a beautiful mare, a vision of youth and beauty. I hope Anonymous ruts you fully and regularly while I am not around.Sincerely, Princess Celestia"You roll up the scroll and wedge it between two couch cushions."What an interesting letter."Mayor Made blushes slightly."The princess is a kind mare."You continue down the country road towards your house."So, this is not in fact, a forged letter from a pony with unique access to correspondence from Celestia?"Mayor Mare begins to sweat."O-of course not.""Oh good. I do wonder how she would react if she found out about such a thing, a local mare taking advantage of Celestia's chosen consort."The mayor wipes her brow with a hoof."My, but it's gotten hot quickly this morning.""Don't worry, it's not much farther. I'm sure you'll feel better once we're inside.""I'm sure I will." She mutters, glancing up nervously. Heh.Soon enough you come to your door. Hmm. Perhaps you should have measured how wide the couch was before you bought it. You open the door and-Celestia stands frozen, her nose buried in your pillow."Taking a break?"She lifts her head up gracefully."Yes, well, bureaucracy is a terrible thing. There's so much paperwork I sometimes have trouble remembering what I have and haven't done."Mayor Mare squeaks in dismay at Celestia's voice. You pluck the scroll from the couch."Do you remember writing this?"She unrolls it, her brow furrowing."I can't say I do. Still, it looks like something I might write."Seriously? She frowns."I don't know what I was thinking, though. That level of secrecy is hardly necessary, there is no way I could keep myself from noticing this arrangement, given how often I visit your home."You don't believe it. The Mayor is actually getting away with this."I didn't think consorts would be allowed intimacy with more that one mare..."Celestia smiles at you."Oh no, it's perfectly alright. It's not like we have all that much time together."She rolls up the scroll and floats it back to you."Although, do tell me how she is. I'd like to hear all the juicy details."You hear a strangled yelp from outside your door. Celestia hears it too, trotting over to look outside."Mayor Mare! What a nice couch, did you bring it yourself?"The poor pony doesn't know what to say. You intervene."No, I bought it earlier today. Unfortunately, I forgot to take into account the width of my door frame."Celestia pats your shoulder with a wing."Good thing I'm here, then."The couch disappears in a flash of light, then appears inside the house. Mayor Mare timidly enters, ready to bolt at the first sign of hostility. Celestia makes a grunt of surprise."Did you know, this used to be Cadence's? It still has the stain on the center cushion."She flips over the cushion, and there is a large, dark blotch on the cushion."I thought it had a purifying enchantment..."Celestia flips it back over."Oh it does, it's just the marecum of a princess of love is more powerful. Well, as nostalgic as this all is, I really should return to work."She kisses you on the cheek."See if you can't leave a mark yourself."And then she's gone. Mayor Mare sighs in relief."We both know this letter is a forgery."As you walk towards her, she looks at you in apprehension."I'm sure she just forgot about it...."You grab her forehooves before she has a chance to back away. You lift her up and back her against the wall."It was such a shallow deception, I can't help but wonder if you wanted to be caught."She stares at you, her shallow breaths hot against your skin."I wasn't-"You lean down, until you are staring directly in her eyes."Maybe you want to be punished, like a bad, bad, filly."Her eyes roll back in her head, a goofy smile on her face. Her body goes slack in your grip. Did she give up, or-You let go, and she falls to the ground and lays still. You poke her."Mayor?"You put a hand by her mouth. She's still breathing. Looks like you have an unconscious pony in your house. You shake her a little bit. No response. Welp."What am I supposed to do with you?"She is remarkably unhelpful. Finally, you decide to just put her on the couch while you chop up some wood. She's heavier than she looks. You manage to heave her up onto the couch. She just lays there, her butt jutting out slightly....You give one of her cheeks squeeze. The amount of give is unbelievable....You really shouldn't be doing this, not while she's asleep....You knead her cheeks with both hands, spreading them and squishing them. Nice. With some regret, you let go and set out for the woods. If you are allowed multiple mares... You're definitely going to need a bigger house.You spend a good two hours cutting down a tree, sawing off its branches, deliberately not thinking of the Mayor's rear as you make the back and forth motions. You certainly don't think about all the suggestive things she said to you this morning. The glimpse of her marehood. You pause in your work, the nearly noon sun hot on your brow. You'll just go and get a drink of water. That's all. You wipe your hands off on your pants and head inside.Would you believe it? She's still asleep. Defenseless. She managed to roll onto her back, her hind legs splayed apart. You're just going to pass by, and not look too closely at. Her delicate marehood. Her tender belly. You slip out of your clothes quietly, the scent of your sweat billowing out. You freeze as her nostrils twitch, but nothing else happens. Maybe she's just faking? You kneel by the couch, and softly rub her tummy. All you can feel is the slow rise and fall, and her soft, short fur. You slide your hand lower and lower. Emboldened by her lack of reaction, you start rubbing the outside of her lower lips. She's very warm down there, almost feverish. One of your fingertips accidentally slips into her pussy. She's wet."Mayor Mare? You're about to have a guest...""Oh good."You stop, your blood running cold. The mare blinks blearily, rising out of sleep in a mild confusion. Then she sees your hand on her marehood. And that you are naked. Her nostrils flare, filled with your scent...."Well? Continue."Everything feels awkward now."Now I'm sorta not feeling it."She raises an eyebrow at where your hand is still resting."You most certainly are feeling it. Would it help if I pretended to be asleep?"Well, actually,"Yes, that would help."She rests her head back onto the couch."Oh, and you can cum inside me if you want. I wouldn't mind getting pregnant."Can ponies even get pregnant from human sperm? You'd say probably not, but there is an entire race of eagle-lions that says maybe. You wait for her breathing to even out. Meanwhile, you try ignore how turned on you are by the fact that she would happily bear your child. You take a few calming breaths yourself, and clamber up onto the couch. You stare at her 'sleeping' face, your arms on either side of her head.  With a guiding hand, you gently press your tip against her entrance.With aching slowness, you push into her. The entire time, you watch her face for any twitch, any sign that she will break the illusion. You hilt in her moist passage. Did her breath just hitch? After waiting in silence for a moment, you continue. You withdraw slowly, your mouth agape at the sensation of her every fold. You impale her again. Your hips begin to move with a mind of their own, gradually picking up the pace. You lean down and kiss her lips chastely. The sensation of her soft rear rubbing against your thighs is heavenly. With every thrust, it's a velvety stroke along your legs. You close your eyes and deepen the kiss, your mouth sealing against hers. She tastes of cinnamon and oats, her tongue easily moved about by your own. You can feel her hips buck, her inner walls stroking your erection. Her tongue comes alive against your own, and for a few moments they wrestle. Finally, you break the kiss, grinning at the mare below you."You're awake."She smiles bashfully."You could wake the dead with such attentions."You run a hand up and down her side."Are you saying I'm a necrophiliac?"She must be very distracted, for her to be a politician and imply that. Genuine distress shows on her face."No! I meant that your cock is, ah, "She throws her head back and writhes. For your part, you seemed to have found her sweet spot. Mayor Mare tosses her head back and forth, her mane becoming quite unkempt."Your cock is miracle, by the titans, it is!"You bite your lip, exulting in the reaction you're getting out of this respectable mare. She wraps her hind legs around your waist and her forelegs around your neck. You get one glimpse of her sultry glare, and then she's tongue deep in your mouth and fighting to stay there. You rake your fingers across her back, careful not to press too hard. You are rewarded as her back arches into your touch, her tongue going slack, and her marehood clamping down hard and winking furiously. You roll onto your back, one hand keeping her surging hips pressed tight against your own. Her pussy desperately milks your dick, and you find a response building up inside you. The Mayor's mouth slides from your own, her frantic humping jostling her head down into the crook of your neck."Fu-uh-uh-uck me!"Her lips brush against your neck. Your eyes shoot wide open, and you thrust deep into her. Your hands clamp down on her ass, pressing her firmly against you as your sperm jets into her womb, again and again. You rub her back gently, soothing her."That's right, take it all in. You are a good pony."She snuggles contentedly against your chest."Tell me I'm a good mayor."You chuckle, but keep rubbing her back."You are a good mayor. A vision of youth, beauty, and excellent in bed too."Mayor Mare hums happily at that. You stay like that for a while, trapped by the warmth of the couch, and the mare on your dick. Then somepony knocks on your door. She scrambles off, desperately trying to fix her mussed mane. You quickly put on a clean set of clothes."Hold on a minute!"Still feeling a little gross and sweaty, you open the door. Twilight, Nat, and Applejack look up at you. Come to think of it, you hadn't seen either of the ponies in the crowd from yesterday."Can I help you girls?"Twilight beams at you."Nat talks to me now! I understand what he wants, and we do all sorts of things together, and it's just great!""Oh, that's good?"She nods happily."Oh, and Applejack has something to say to you."Your turn to the appulpony. She doesn't meet your eyes, blushing intensely."Thank you for helpin' me realize that ah..."Nat's hand strokes her mane. Could it always do that? Applejack glances at the doll, smiling ever so little."That ah like gettin' raped an' dominated an' humiliated. Twi told me about your culture, and that what I have is a, uh, fetlock?""Fetish." Twilight supplies helpfully."Right, a fetish for all that stuff. So, if you ever see me all alone..."Now she looks you in the eye, her hips shifting back and forth slightly."Don't be holdin' back, y'hear?"What."I'll...keep that in mind."She nods firmly."Good. Just so's you know, ah'm ripe for the pickin', if'n you catch mah meaning.""Riiiiggghhhtt."You direct your gaze to Twilight."I can't actually impregnate ponies, right? Since I'm a human?"She nods."Not without some significant magical intervention. Well, I won't take up any more of your time, I'm sure you have all sorts of things to be doing, as does the mayor."Ah."You saw?"Applejack scuffs a hoof."Through the window. We're a pair a peepin' toms, gettin' frisky at the sight a you rutting the honorable mayor til she can't think straight."...Twilight coughs."Yeah, let's go."They trot away, with Applejack occasionally glancing behind her and twitching her tail out of the way. It's been an odd day, and it's only half over. You shake your head and return inside. Mayor Mare stands patiently by."I'm afraid Miss Sparkle was correct, I really must be getting back to my duties. Thank you Anonymous, this has been one of my most enjoyable mornings for quite some time."You step aside and lean against the wall."You're welcome, it was good for me too. Oh, and about the innuendo club, I'll let you know when and where we'll meet, once I figure it out."She tilts her head thoughtfully."Perhaps we could meet in my house? As Mayor, I have a fairly large space allotted for me, it would be nice to fill it up from time to time.""Thank you for opening up your warm...home for our use. At any rate, I'll see you later."The Mayor gives you a gracious nod."Until then, Anonymous."After she trots out, you close the door. You finally have your home all to yourself. You have to admit, after several months of being village pariah, all this company takes some getting used to. Your mind drifts back to certain memories. You could get used to this. Your stomach growls, and you set about lunch. All the while, you fret over your princess problem. Rather than just asking at random, you need to think about who would actually be a good match. You need more data.You sit at one of the outdoor tables of a restaurant, nibbling at a sandwich and sipping a cup of water. There really isn't much selection, in food or stallions. You hear some clinking and hoofsteps behind you, but you ignore them."Yer cut is under the chair. Don't go spendin' it all in one place.""Thanks, shame about the cutie marks though."Applebloom sighs."At least we got ta scratch off smugglin' an bein' town heroes."The cutie mark crusaders scamper up onto seats around your table. Sweetie Bell looks around."Are you waiting for some one? Ooh, are you on a date?""Not really. I'm actually trying to think of who a friend of mine should try dating. Do you girls know of any good, eligible stallions?"They share a look. Scootaloo rolls her eyes."We sang a song about it, the only good one is-"Applebloom puts a hoof over Scoot's mouth."No longer available! Um, he is definitely unavailable for doin' weird things with mares that ah ain't s'posed to know about.""Right, so aside from Big Mac, can you three think of any decent guys?"Sweetie Bell shakes her head."We sang a song about it, there's nopony else. Well, maybe if you give us the name of your friend, we could sing a new song..."Eh, you can trust them about as far as you can throw them, and they're pretty light."Luna."Sweetie frowns, and takes a deep breath. Banjos and harpsichords start up on the edge of hearing."Luna is strange and cold, the perfect stallion must be brave and bold..."The background music falters. Scootaloo joins in hesitantly."She's an okay princess, it'll probably end with ince-"Applebloom silences her again. The background music fades away, unfulfilled and a little discordant."That was a...nice try, girls. I guess I'll just keep doing what I'm doing."Applebloom tilts her head."Whah can't you be her coltfriend? Is it cuz you're still-"She glances around conspiratorially."In the dresser?""That's not it, I'm-"Sweetie Bell taps Applebloom."In the closet, not the dresser. I read all about it in one of Rarity's secret magazines."Scootaloo looks interested."Secret magazines?"Sweetie nods excitedly."Like, Bridled Brothers, or Bits for Bottoms, or this one full of stories about reluctant stallions down on their luck, forced to-""Okay! Very educational, but not applicable in my situation! Luna and I just have a complicated history, some of which you already know."The unicorn nods in understanding."I get it, it's like this one story, where the stallion has a grudge with his boss's brother, but gets transferred to his division, and has to let him stick his-""Enough!"What the hell, Rarity? The fillies giggle and run off, Sweetie taking the lead. So much for the youth of this generation.Cheerilee steps out of the restaurant and sits across from you at your table."It's nice to see somepony really talk to them, and listen as well.""Funny, I seem to remember you screaming that if I so much as breathed in their direction-"She clears her throat."We all say things that we mean with every fiber of our beings. But I admit, I was wrong about you. You are a much better stallion than I had thought, judging by how strongly you smell of the Mayor."You choke on air at that."Really?"She nods benignly."I also overheard your little problem. If you are going so far for one who wronged you, that speaks for itself."You'd say something, but the truth is...strange and not really a good topic for public spaces. She continues."I'm afraid I can't help you with your problem, though. It'd be a conflict of interests; Ponyville doesn't have much in the way of good, single, stallions.""And you're telling me this because...""I'm going to be following you!"..."What about teaching at the school?""It's a Saturday."You do tend to lose track of days."Aren't you worried about your reputation? I'm pretty sure ponies are still suspicious of me."Cheerilee pats your hand."That's sweet of you to think of me, but if you are seen with me, that improves your reputation, which then improves mine as a kind, perceptive pony.""Fair enough."You drink the rest of your water and leave some bits behind for the meal. The schoolteacher gets up as you do, trotting to keep up with your stride."Who do you plan on visiting first?""I was thinking that one guy with the hourglass cutie mark... Do stallions call them cutie marks?""Time Turner? I believe some prefer to say 'destiny brands', but most of them just use the normal term.""Understandable."You set off towards the clock shop. You would only go there once or twice in a lifetime, but the cutie mark crusaders became regular guests of yours. Even then, you haven't talked to...Time Turner? all that much. He's always been very businesslike, and largely uninterested in whatever hijinks broke your clock this time. The bell on the door rings as you open it. Time Turner looks up from a partially dismantled timepiece."I had had some hopes that you would outlast the week, you were on a roll.""It's doing fine for once, the mesh cover works like a charm. I was actually wondering, what do you look for in a mare?"He glances at Cheerilee, where she is rather obviously eavesdropping outside."A certain amount of confidence is preferable."Looking back to you, he sighs."I can't say I really have a 'type' as it were. I would much rather meet the mare and get to know the balance of her flaws and virtues. So if you would bring in the mare in question, that would facilitate matters admirably."You rub your chin as Cheerilee slips into the shop."I'll have to see if Luna will come out here then."He looks at Cheerilee in confusion."Luna? Then is this mare your intended?"She blushes at that."No! No, I am just accompanying him, helping him put names to faces. Did you know he didn't know your name was Time Turner until I told him?"The clockmaker blinks."Do you know his name as well?"That's your clock bro. Cheerilee raises her eyebrows."His name is Anonymous."Time Turner nods at you."Nice to meet you."You nod in response."Likewise."The three of you stand there awkwardly for a moment, then he returns to his work. Cheerilee jerks her head towards the door."I think we're done here, don't you?""Pretty much."You wave at the clock guy and he waves back, not looking up. Classic clock guy. Outside, you have the uncomfortable feeling you should talk to some strangers, but you ignore it. You set out towards Sweet Apple Acres. Cheerilee is a bit more leery about following along."Do you at least know the next one's name?""Eyup."You can almost taste her skepticism."Care to share with the class?""Nope."She sighs."It's Big Mac, isn't it?"You grin."You said the name before I did. Now you will never know if I knew his name, or if I thought he was Eyupnope the pokemon pony."Cheerilee facehooves."Anonymous, everyone knows Big Mac. He's the most eligible pony in town, and what is a pokemon?""A creature that only says its name. I know you two have some history, are you sure you want to come along?"She smiles weakly at that."You won't give me the slip that easily. I'll be fine."You shrug. The summer afternoon is peaceful,  light breeze taking the edge off the heat. The two of you walk in comfortable silence. As you near the orchard, something barrels out of the trees. When it awkwardly vaults over a fence, you get a good look at it. It seems some pony managed to lasso the front legs of a timberwolf pup tight against its chest. Thus you aren't too surprised to see a lightly battered Fluttershy tackle the fleeing creature and pin it to the ground. She manages to tie up the hind legs by the time you get there, Cheerilee wisely hanging back."Quite the catch there."Fluttershy looks up in surprise."Yes? Oh, Anonymous. Yes, he is a good catch, isn't he? Yes you are!"The timberwolf whimpers. Better you than me, bud. Cheerilee cautiously approaches."That looks dangerous. Surely you aren't planning on keeping it with your other animals?"Fluttershy suddenly looks a bit more nervous."Oh no, just around some nice predators who can teach it all about how much better things can be with me. I'm sure I can make him come inside."Cheerilee looks impressed, but her teaching reflexes take over."Did you mean you can make him come around? Such as to your point of view?""Ah, yes. That is definitely what I meant. No other meanings."That reminds you."Hey Fluttershy, would you like to join the innuendo club?"The schoolteacher chokes on air. Fluttershy tilts her head."What's that?""It's a club for talking about sex while not saying sex words."Fluttershy beams."Oh that sounds wonderful, I really need to practice that.""Great! I'll let you know about locations and times when I figure them out."The pegasus nods."Good boy. Now, if you will excuse me, if you want to, I'll just be taking this doggy home.""Right. See you later!"She flies off, her catch held secure in her hooves. Cheerilee looks at you with a certain amount of disapproval."Innuendo club? Really?"You shrug."Celestia's idea. Royalty, am I right?"She lets out a nervous chuckle."Royalty, yeah."You walk along in silence...."Who's in so far?"Heh."Me, Celestia, the Mayor, and now Butterfry."She is about to correct you, but then she catches the smirk on your face. She rolls her eyes instead."Thinking about joining yourself?""Hardly. I would like the final member roster, it would be good to have a list of the immature perverts in town.""I can hardly wait to tell the princess what you called her."Cheerilee huffs."If the horseshoe fits...""Fair enough."You spy Applejack just off the path to the family house. You give her wave."Good afternoon! Apples ripening alright?"She looks at you and Cheerilee, unsure of how to respond."Here'n there. Can ah help y'all with something? Anything at all?""We were actually hoping to talk to your brother. Do you know where he might be?"Applejack squints into the distance."Ah reckon he's down in the north fields, row 39 or so. Ah'll be around here if you want me for anything. Anything at all."Welp."Thank you kindly, Applejack."You set off to the north. The teacher pony gives you a knowing look."She was very helpful."You shrug."There are a lot of good ponies here in Ponyville."Cheerilee hums in amusement."Anything at all, she said. Twice, I do believe.""Southern hospitality."That's still a thing, right?"I'd say she was feeling quite hospitable, in a southern sort of way.""Why, Ms. Cheerilee, are you sure you wouldn't like to join a certain club?"You can tell she's having fun teasing you."Quite. It's beginning to sound less like a club, and more like a harem. Are you by chance, a Saddle Arabian?""I'm sure I'll find some stallions with a taste for double meanings, especially with you acting as bait.""A taste for double meanings? I didn't know you swung that way too."All these apples are faking you out. Each time you glimpse a patch of red, your dumb eyes jump to the wrong conclusion. In the mean time,"I'm just following the example of our sunny ruler."..."Really?""I personally watched her eat out another mare."Cheerilee bites her lip."Damn. Does she have a long tongue?"Even school teachers have needs, you suppose."It felt pretty long to me."She actually stops in her tracks. You look back."Coming?""Since I have begun to gain an understanding of your nature, I must ask. Were you a mare at the time?""Nope!""Right. Okay. Well, yes, let us go on and find Big Mac."You eventually find him bucking halfway down a row."Hey, Big Mac! How goes it?"He looks up."Hello, Anon, Ms. Cheerilee. It's going alright."You get within a comfortable speaking distance. Cheerilee smiles."It's been a while, hasn't it? I must say, you are looking well.""Eyup."Yeah, you're not getting involved in whatever is going on. Cheerilee picks up on that too, and coughs nervously."Mac, Anon here wants to ask you something."He turns to you expectantly. How to go about this..."You know Luna?"He nods."Ah know of her.""Right, so I had...noticed that she doesn't really have much in the way of informal associations. Since you are so polite and dependable, I thought you would be a good friend for her?"He blinks."That's your question?""Yes."Big Mac rubs his chin and glances at Cheerilee."Ah might not be the best for it. Some might say Ah'm not around enough."Cheerilee winces."I...don't think that will be a problem. The princesses are generally pretty busy, so you might end up meeting only once every other day or so. At any rate, think about it. I'll be talking to some other ponies, but I figured you'd have the best shot."He nods at that."Ah'll keep that in mind. Well, I'd best get back to buckin', unless there's somethin' else?""I'll let you get to that."Cheerilee offers a half smile."I'll see you around."He nods at that, and goes back to the tree he was working on. As you walk away, you notice Cheerilee shaking her head and sighing. Even though she's the one that followed you here,"Sorry about that."She shakes her head again."It's not your fault. It's just, when I see him, I remember all the good times from when we were together, and I have to remind myself why we broke up.""That's rough."You have to admit, your sympathetic vocabulary is rather sparse. Cheerilee sighs again."You said it."The two of you walk along in silence for a little while. The teacher looks up at the sun."It'll be pretty late by the time we get back. Looks like you'll be on your own for the evening, so give Applejack my regards."With that she gallops off."Good night!"She gives you a wave, then vanishes behind the next hill in the road. There goes a complicated mare. You walk along the path between the apple trees, just taking in the relaxing air."Life is like a box of chocolates, you know?"The leaves rustle in the wind."If you take too much, you'll regret it later,"You're getting closer to the Apple family house."And there's always one that has coconut or something inside that you know someone has to like, but that someone is not you, so you spit that bit out."You aren't really sure where you are going with this. Neither is Applejack. She stands frozen, right before she was going to buck the tree. You have a nice view of her plot, her tail raised in preparation for the kick. She stares resolutely away, her legs trembling in...fear? Arousal? Probably both."Are you gonna spit me, uh, in?""What is that even supposed to mean?""Ah don't know, you was the one talkin' about spittin'!"..."Look, I refuse to sexualize a mangled Forrest Gump reference."She finally turns her head and glares at you."Ah don't care about no forest stump, go an' sexualify me!""Do you mean sexualize?"You may or may not be a terrible person. She rubs her face with a hoof."Ah been waitin' nice and patient like for you and that schoolteacher hussy to get done talkin' to mah brother, and-""Hussy?"She narrows her eyes."Ah trust her with kids, not mah brother. Ah only let her by on account of you playin' chaperone. Ah appreciate that, and how you sent her a thinkin' about what she's done. That's why ah want you to rape me, right here, right now. You earned it."This is so messed up. She walks around and leans her forehooves high up on the trunk of the tree, turning her back to you."Now take me like a dirty, no good, lyin', two bit, snaggletoothed, stupid whore."How can you deny so polite an invitation? You slip out of your clothes and come up behind her. You trail your fingers across her taut flanks, your erect member pressing against the valley between her thighs."You know,"You whisper,"Miss Cheerilee told me to give you her regards."You slide one hand up her side, then her neck. She shivers at the touch. You turn her head towards you, knocking off her hat in the process."This is from her."You lean down and kiss her lips, your tongue prying and prodding at her sealed mouth. Your other hand slides over her hip and down, down to her dripping marehood. She makes a muffled sound of protest. You take advantage of the distraction and push your tongue past her lips, reveling in her frantic attempts to push it back out. You slowly push your cock through her clenched thighs. She whimpers at the sensation, her mouth going slack. You spend a few moments exploring every inch of her mouth, rolling her limp tongue about. She doesn't react, except for shifting her thighs back and forth, giving your cock a velvety massage. You break the kiss."Not much resistance once you have a dick between your legs, huh?"She looks away and leans her head against the tree."Ah'm not a loose mare!""Oh, I agree."You grab her hips and align yourself. Applejack's breath hitches. You thrust into her warm pussy, leaning close to whisper,"You're a very tight mare."She shudders. You get a rhythm going, keeping one hand on her hip for stability. Your other hand wanders, sliding along her belly, gripping her throat for a short moment. She lets out a low keening, and her vagina spasms."I think you and Fluttershy would get along great in bed. You're just a stupid animal, aren't you?"You can see her grin, before she covers it up with a grimace."Ah ain't-"You hilt, grinding your pelvis against her firm ass. She collapses against the tree, panting."Ah ain't, oh Sun and Moon, Ah ain't a r-ruttin' animal!"You cover her mouth with one hand, your middle finger dipping between her lips and getting wet with saliva."Really? Now, why are you jealous of our nice friend Cheerilee?"She stiffens beneath you, her winking pussy clenching around you."Why would you envy rolling in the hay with Big Mac? Do you wish this was Big Mac raping you right now? Are you that much of an animal, that you just want the biggest cock around inside you?"You remove your hand from her mouth and wipe it off on her jiggling ass. Applejack tries to push her chest off from the tree, but your well timed thrusts are complicating matters. Finally she manages to lock her front legs straight against the tree, her breathing smoothing out somewhat."Don't tell no one you hear? Ah'll do anything you want."You pause in mid thrust."Anything?"She looks you straight in the eye."This ain't even mah rape fet-thing a talkin', Ah don't want no pony to know Ah got urges 'bout Big Mac.""Understood."She nods firmly."Good. 'Course, if'n you want to work that into the whole rape scenario, Ah won't complain none."She blushes at that."Which, the Big Mac thing or the you'll do anything thing?"She chews her lip."You can pretend to be Big Mac when we're in private, where no one even has a chance a hearin'. You can extort me anywhere, though."You resume thrusting, marveling at the sight of her booty rippling with each pound."So I could tell you suck my dick in front of all your friends?"She clenches at that."You'd best have a good explanation ready, but..."She looks down at the damp spot in the dirt below her marehood."Ah'd choke on your cock in front of the whole town if it meant keepin' mah secret."You pet her mane gently, feeling something stirring in your loins."Your secret is safe with me. Your body might not be, though."She grins at that, then turns away."P-please, treat me kindly."You lean in to nip at her ear, noticing as you do, how her legs are trembling and her breathing is coming faster than before."You're enjoying this, aren't you? Such a slutty little farmpony."She shudders, grinding her ass against you."B-buck..."Oh, she's close."Name it after me, you shameless cum dumpster."Applejack's eyes roll back in her head as her pussy pulses and writhes around your rod. She whimpers unintelligible syllables, begging for your release. You clench your teeth as all the tension of the afternoon transmutes into unspeakable bliss. There's nothing in the world except you, Applejack, and your body's desperate attempt at filling her with every drop of your semen. She slumps down to the ground, cum falling from your dick onto her twitching flank. You wearily wipe off your cock with her tail, her eye tracking your every movement. That done, you slowly put on your clothes, then sit down in the dirt. Applejack chuckles."Mighty finicky for a stallion as just rutted a mare."You shrug."There's sexy dirty, and there's soil dirty."She rolls over, grinding her cum stained flank into the dirt with a grin."And now Ah'm both!"You have to laugh at that, and she's not long behind. The sky is a vibrant orange by the time the two of you recover. You pat her cheek fondly."It's been fun, but I got to go home. Take care of yourself, now."She tips her hat."You too. And remember, any thing you want."You nod."I'll keep that in mind. Oh, and would you like to be part of the innuendo club? It's not as blatant as you are, but..."She tilts her head."You want me to go somewhere you and others talk about ruttin' in thin little lies?"Well, when she puts it that way,She holds her hat to her chest in longsuffering sorrow."The things ah do to keep mah secret.""I wasn't- well, at any rate, I'll let you know about the meeting when I plan it."She puts her hat back on."Alright, now go on and let me see the back of you. You've done plenty enough 'round here for today, and ah still have things as need doin'."You chuckle and walk away, content with a job well done.You come home to find Celestia humming to herself, cooking some sort of potato soup. The domestic purity of the scene makes you immediately feel guilty about having just had sex with another mare. Celestia beams at you."Welcome home! And how was your day?"She approaches, and you find yourself pressing your back against the closed door. She sniffs the air, and her eyes widen. Your heart sinks."Not just the Mayor, but Applejack too? I shall have to correct this."Oh no. She levitates you onto the couch and teleports your clothes away."It appears I shall have to mark my territory again."With that, she mounts you, pressing her body against yours, nuzzling against your neck. Oh, okay.Much later, after the two of you have eaten, you tell her of your recruitment efforts. Celestia smiles in appreciation."It sounds like things are well in hoof. I believe I shall have some time this Tuesday, around one in the afternoon, so that can be the time of the first meeting. You said the mayor volunteered her house?""That she did.""Then it is decided."She rises with a sigh."I shall now retire to my own bed. We wouldn't want a repeat of what happened this morning, after all."It takes you a moment to remember what she's talking about."Oh yeah, that would be unfortunate. Do you really think she'll be back though?"Celestia nods somberly."She is a mare of her word. Her stubbornness in that way is both endearing and rather irritating."Huh."I guess I can respect that. Well, goodnight Celestia.""Sweet dreams, Anon."She vanishes, and you shake your head."After a day like today? It's inevitable."The empty house says nothing. You wake up earlier than you expected. The house is quiet. You lay in bed, trying to imagine how Luna will be. You just don't know. You groan, wishing you could sleep in, but your bladder is making demands and your mind won't stop spinning uselessly. First things first. After your skip to the loo, you light a small cooking fire. With the early morning bird song and the smell of smoke, you are reminded of when you used to go camping. You relax, only half paying attention to the frying eggs. Cheese soon follows, as well as toast. You are halfway through your breakfast, when Luna cautiously opens your door."Ah, the morning finds thee well, Anonymous. Prythee, where hath Celestia hidden herself?"You shrug."I don't know. She thought it would be best if she didn't stay the night, so she's probably in her normal bed."Luna steps into the house and closes the door behind her. You didn't get a good look the first time, but now you can appreciate the terms of the punishment. The maid uniform is tight fitting, especially with Luna's tail stuffed up the back. The skirt barely covers her hindquarters, leaving just a hint of a curve where her thigh connects to her rear."I...did not mean to obstruct thy rooster."..."Cockblock, you mean?"She blushes."Yes, c-, ah, intervene in thy trysting."She looks around your home."Permit me, therefore, to wash thy dishes.""Uh, sure?"They had sort of piled up from last night. She strides over to the sink, her skirt shifting back and forth with the play of her muscles. Nice. You finish your breakfast while watching her shift her weight while she works. You bring the plate over to her, and she tenses at your nearness."Proceed, Anonymous. It is given to you to gaze upon my...""Your what?"She blushes and looks away. It comes out as a whisper."My marehood.""Thank you."She glares at you, but it lacks conviction."It is a penance, not a favor!"Your hand gently lifts her skirt, letting the hem drag across her pert ass. She shudders."Nevertheless, you offered it without prompting just now, and I thank you for the gesture."She glares down at the dishes, perhaps scrubbing harder than is strictly necessary."Courtesy doth not hide the perversity of thy interest. Gaze, then, Anon. I cannot prevent thee.""As you wish."You ignore her growl, and step back to enjoy the view. Such round cheeks, that puckered hole, and-"You're wet?"A pan clatters in the sink."Th-thou art mistaken. 'Tis a trick of the light, nothing more."You look closer. Her slit is definitely glistening. Your breath blows across her marehood, and it winks."You just winked."You straighten up to see her give you a baleful glare."If thou must know, betwixt Loyalty's and thine abode, I visited the dreams of certain ponies in town. I shall not say more, as we are both acquainted with worldly things.""I understand. One of the dangers and perks of your job, I guess.""Indeed."You step back and scratch your head. To be honest, you didn't really think about how much work a pony could do in an hour."So, I'm going to take a shower. I'll leave it up to you what to clean while I'm in there."She wipes her hooves on a towel and nods. You walk over to your bathroom, one of the few places where you are fully modern. Hot running water is not to be gone without. You turn to close the door behind you, but Luna is in the way."Um, why are you following me?"Luna frowns."Dost thou not remember the terms of mine punishment? For this hour, I am thy maid, to wake thee, to feed thee, to clean after thee, and to cleanse thee."Blue magic quickly pulls your clothes off, her uniform as well. She tries to look you in the eye, but she keeps glancing down at your boner."Unleash the waters, and permit me to preform thy ablutions."Clock guy might've been right about Luna. You turn on the water, waiting until it gets to a comfortable heat, and step under the spray. Out of the corner of your eye, you see Luna apply some soap to one of her hooves. Then you stagger as she hooks a hoof over your left shoulder, her other one rubbing slippery circles into your back."Whoa there! I almost fell just now."Her mild voice comes from a few inches behind your right ear."I beg thy pardon, I had merely thought only to steady thee against my ministrations."You suspect she might be getting revenge for earlier. Her hoof circles lower and lower, until,"Are you groping my ass?"You can feel the heat of her blush, her face close to your neck."Though it seemeth irregular, rest assured I am but mirroring the protocol of mine own maid.""Your maid gropes your butt?""She hath an indifferent touch, and doth not linger indecorously."..."You're kinda lingering right now.""I ask thy pardon again."She puts some more soap on her scrubbing hoof and starts to work on the backs of your legs. When she reaches the bottom, she removes her hoof from your shoulder and steps back."Wouldst thou turn to face me?"You comply, and she rears up and hooks her hoof onto your right shoulder. This brings her head awfully close to yours as she sets to scrubbing again. She focuses entirely on her soapy hoof as she works down your arm. She tries to scrub your hand, and you grasp her hoof. Luna looks up at you with a persistent blush on her face."Shall I continue, or hath mine efforts been unsatisfactory?"You had meant to tease her, but..."Please, continue."She gives you a shy smile, and sets to sudsing up your chest. You notice she is having a harder time focusing on her duties, with your throbbing erection right in front of her. You have to admit, all this groping and hanging about has gotten you rather sensitive. You may have sneaked some strokes when she was working on your ass. Luna finishes your other arm, and settles down on all fours. She doesn't bother looking away now, and her face is quite flushed."Even this...falls under my duties.""Um, Luna?"She soaps up both of her forehooves and takes a deep breath. Then she jerkily strokes your cock with the soft frogs of her hooves, trying to coat in soap as quickly as possible. She leans her head forward intently, her hot breath caressing your aching erection. You groan as her hooves make one more coordinated stroke. Hot cum spurts out, hitting her forehead, then her open mouth, then onto her frozen hooves. She stares at your cock, her eye closing as some of your jizz drips down from her forehead. She swallows unconsciously, and you barely resist the urge to shove your penis into her mouth. She lowers her hooves and darts around you, frantically trying to wash the sticky stuff off."Here, let me get that for you."You grab a washcloth and pour some soap on it. She stills as you begin wiping off your cum from her face, and somehow that turns you on even more. Luna offers you her hooves, not meeting your eyes as you clean them too. The two of you stand silently under the hot water for some time."I did not mean-""It was just an-"You motion for her to go first. She clears her throat."I shall leave the cleaning of that area to thee next time.""Next time? I mean, yes, that might be for the best."She rustles her wings gently."Thou mayest order me away, if thou desirest.""What? Why?"She looks up at you, an unidentifiable expression on her face."Twilight hath informed me of human etiquette and culture. Thou hast taken Celestia to be thy waifu, and verily I hath just entiared her from thee... Or entiared thee with me? Verily, entiarance hath occurred."It seems Twilight didn't explain things all that well. Not that you can blame her exactly."Luna, I am Celestia's consort. I have already rutted two mares with her knowledge and approval. At this point, an accidental hoofjob doesn't bother her or me. All I want to know right now is, what does this mean to you? You sorta panicked back there."Luna sits down on her haunches."Consort? And who hath thou rutted?"You casually turn off the water, watching her carefully."Mayor Mare and Applejack.""And she did approve?""Yes."Luna rubs her chin, absentmindedly licking her lips."Hast thou rutted a mare before them and her?""I'm afraid not."She nods, as if you just confirmed her suspicions."I shall have to think upon this situation. Wilt thou grant me leave to do so?""Sure?"She vanishes in a blue flash. As you dry yourself off with a towel you mutter,"What was that about?"You decide it doesn't really matter. The morning is spent carving. You figure that if you lived on the sale of these things before, it should only be easier, especially because ponies can now commission things from you. Clothes washing...is one of the things you can't afford to modernize. Most ponies make do with soap and water. The ones that wear enough clothing for washing to take a while, usually use a dry cleaning-like service. Thoses services aren't especially cheap either, so you just tough it out. As such, it is early afternoon by the time you have washed and hung out to dry most of your weekly clothes. You fasten the last of your socks when an envelope flutters down from above. You look up to see Derpy salute, then stagger across the sky back to town. The envelope is addressed to you, and you suspect handwriting, (hoofwriting?) that fancy could only belong to one of a few ponies. The letter confirms your suspicions. Although honestly, why couldn't Rarity just give you the outfit in person, rather than writing a letter, having it delivered, and then waiting for you to drop by?Twenty minutes later and only halfway to town, you may have an answer. The path is dusty, made worse by the fitful winds that raise it high into the air. You just hope the pegasi schedule a rainy day soon. By the time you come to the beautique, you are officially tired of making this trip every day for the past few days. You sigh, and open the door. There is a humanoid mannequin in a black dress with a green sash and embroidery. Rarity motions you closer."What do you think, darling? It's quite revolutionary if I say so myself."You approach."It's a dress. I mean, it'd be fine I guess if I was a woman, but-""Really, Anonymous. It is clearly a robe, and a stately one at that. But more than that, I had to have Twilight help me with-"The doors open, this time to admit Luna. She nods in satisfaction."Thou art to be congratulated, Generosity. Thou hast anticipated my wishes, and prepared a suitable robe Anonymous."She turns to you."Anonymous, wilt thou be my consort?"Rarity faints. You just gaze at Luna skeptically."I'm already Celestia's consort. I really-"Rarity revives."She made you her consort? You really must tell me all about it~!"Luna clears her throat. Rarity grins sheepishly."Pardon me, please continue, Princess Luna."Luna fixes you with a resolute stare."Thou art not the first nor the last consort to be in the service of two ponies. I cannot command thee in this, but thou wilt find I would be quite appreciative if thou dost accept."You hold up your hands, signalling for her to slow down."This is really sudden. I mean, a few days ago, you thought I was a rapist, then you grudgingly agreed to be my maid, and now you want a committed friends with benefits relationship?"Luna blushes."Perhaps it is not as sudden as thou believest...""How so?"She looks down at her hooves."That night was not the first night I watched thy dreams, nor thy actions from afar."You wish you could be surprised."You were stalking me?"Luna shakes her head."Nay, I was content to be thy distant admirer, as many a pony doth admire the moon and yet never reach it. Th-then I bore witness to thy dark dream. I was at war within myself, torn by thy virtues and thy vices. I was perhaps overzealous in speaking of thee, using such language as to paint a vivid picture in the minds of thy fellow ponies."You suppose you did ask for an explanation, and now you're getting one. She continues."I had sought to assuage my troubled mind thereby, but when thou didst confront me with my wrongdoing, I could see clearly that thou art a just man, firm of purpose and body. Willingly did I submit to thy chosen humiliations, for they were my due."Rarity is just eating this up, you can tell."What sorts of humiliations?"Luna seems to have just remembered that she has an audience. She shifts uneasily."Cleaning his abode and r-revealing my m- it mattereth not!"Rarity's brow furrows and her mouth shapes an 'm' sound. Then she turns a shocked expression to you."Really?"You nod slightly. Rarity hugs herself blissfully."Princess, do go on, I simply must know the end to this wonderful little drama!"Luna is rather taken aback at her enthusiasm, but she presses forward, choosing to focus on only you."In my service to thee and Loyalty, I did feel stirrings from within. I had thought thy choice of punishment was a show of...interest. And lo, this morning, thou didst not recoil from my touch, but thou didst fulsomely respond, caring but little for my sister, but tenderly speaking to me of my own well-being. I have spent my noon sleep restless and hungry not for food, but for thy gentle company. When I could not still my heart's yearning a moment longer, I resolved to come to thee and ask thee, wilt thou take this dark and lonely mare, and be her consort and friend?"Rarity leans forward, eager for your answer. What should you answer be? On one hand, she caused a lot of trouble for you and others. On the other hand, the situation has largely passed, and things have been...interesting, to say the least. She is a sad and lonely mare. You recognize a bit of yourself in that. You sigh."For the record, you ponies are crazy."Luna tilts her head."And what of thy answer?"You chuckle."It's crazy too. Yeah, I'll be your consort as well."Luna squeals and rushes forward, wrapping you in a warm embrace. Rarity dabs at her eyes with a handkerchief. Luna pulls back, a grin on her face."Come, now don thy robes and let us take to the carriage!"Before you can say a word, blue magic pulls your shirt off and throws the black and green dress at you. You roll your eyes as you put it on, mildly impressed at how well it fits. You barely have a moment to compose yourself before you are whisked outside to a stately carriage pulled by four of Luna's nightguard. You raise your eyebrows at Luna as you settle into your seat."Wouldn't it be quicker to just teleport home?"Luna shakes her head."If that were my sole intent, we would do as thou sayest. However, I mean to display thee, dressed as thou art in my coloration. This day, the town shall know that thou and I art reconciled.""Oh, okay. That sounds fine.""Indeed."As the carriage passes though the streets, the ponies whisper amongst themselves. Soon a crowd follows behind, sometimes gaining members, sometimes losing them. At first Luna is pleased at the attention, but as the trip goes onward, she becomes uneasy. She whispers,"Prepare thyself, Anon."Then she stands up to address the crowd."CITIZENS OF PONYVILLE, LET IT BE KNOWN THAT WE ARE RECONCILED, HE AND I, AND THAT I DO HEREBY RETRACT MINE ACCUSATIONS OF THIS HUMAN. NOW I SHALL TAKE MY LEAVE."You appear in front of your house in a blue flash, Luna at your side. She approaches the door with a smug smile on her face."There is but one more pony to notify."You follow her into your house. Celestia lies in your bed, nose deep in your pillow. She starts to get up, a sheepish smile on her face. Luna snorts."Nay sister, retain thy position. I have perceived thy machinations, and Twilight hath enlightened me unto some of the perversions such as arise. Thy fetish is entiarance, is it not?"Celestia gazes at her in confusion."Do you mean entrance? It was nice of you to get Anon a white and gold robe, but I think that hardly qualifies as a grand or erotic entrance. I mean, is entrance even a fetish?"Luna scowls."Entiarance. When thou become aroused by another taking thy waifu and or husbando in carnal relations. And lo, his robes are blue and black, as a sign of fealty unto me. Is this not thy design? That I rut Anonymous, and thus assuage my pride and feed thy perversity?"Sunbutt blushes."Well, yes, that was the plan. But the robes are clearly in my colors."Luna frowns stubbornly."Blue and black."Celestia tilts her head in confusion."White and gold?""Black and Green, actually."The princesses turn to you. Luna blinks."Thou dost need thy eyesight examined, the body of the dress is clearly blue, and the embroidery black!"...You take off the robes and look at them. No, the embroidery is green..."Maybe it's magic?"Celestia's horn glows for a moment, then she nods."Some sort of illusion, although I haven't seen anything like it. Where did you get these robes?""Rarity gave then to me. Come to think of it, she did mention she had to have Twilight's help..."The princesses look at each other and nod in understanding. Celestia levitates your robes over into your dresser and shuts the drawer."Now where was I? Oh yes. How could you betray me for my own sister? I gave you everything, and now you force me to watch you make love to her!"Luna holds her head up high."He hath simply chosen the better mare."She strides towards the bed and lies down on top if her sister, beckoning you over with a motion from her wing."And now he shall rut me atop thee! Thou shalt feel his every thrust, delivered but a scant distance from thine own marehood!"Well, they are sisters, there had to be some similarities."Hold on, let me get something."They gaze at you in confusion as you grab the center cushion of your couch. You lift Luna's rear a bit and wedge it between them. As you take off the rest of your clothes, Luna speaks."I appreciate thy thoughtfulness, but verily Celestia's rear is most soft and warm already."Celestia smiles."Thank you.""Thou art welcome. But Anonymous, why hast thou wedged this cushion betwixt she and I?"You pat her flanks fondly."It has been marked by the marecum of the princess of love. If I'm going to knock you up, this will probably do it."Luna's eyes go wide, and her pussy winks. You look down, and it would seem Celestia finds this interesting too."I could take it out, if you aren't comfortable with the idea."Luna clamps her lower legs around Celestia, crushing the cushion between them."N-nay, by all means i-impregnate me whilst upon my sister."Celestia whimpers into the pillow, her pussy winking furiously. It's funny, you'd think that you could just go to town, no foreplay necessary. But no, now that you are faced with two royal flowers, you want to take your time, have some fun. You set a hand on Luna's ass and walk to her front, dragging your fingers along her side. Luna shivers happily. When you reach their heads, Luna gives you a sultry look."Yes, Anonymous?"You cup her cheeks, planting a chaste kiss on her lips. She smiles, head darting forward for more, but you hold her back."You know, I am also Celestia's consort."Luna looks at you in confusion, while Celestia opens her mouth expectantly. You stroke Luna's mane lovingly."Won't you give Celestia some of my kisses?"Luna frowns unhappily."I shall not prevent thee from her lips.""You misunderstand. The kisses I make with you, I would that you would make them with Celestia."Luna is shocked."She is my sister!"You stroke Luna's cheek coaxingly."How bitter for her, to taste her lover on another's lips."Luna looks down at her sister. Celestia gazes up with pleading eyes. Luna sighs."Very well."She lowers her head and pecks sunbutt on the lips. Moonbutt looks at you expectantly."Very good. I think you deserve a reward."With that, you lift Luna's chin and kiss her passionately, your lips surging against hers. With your free hand, you lightly trace the spiral of moonbutt's horn, and she moans, her tongue desperately pushing past your lips. Your tongue writhes against her fevered efforts and your hand strokes her horn more firmly. Luna's body rocks gently as she humps the cushion and her sister, completely at the mercy of the hornjob you're giving her. You stroke her horn rapidly, exulting in her uncoordinated kissing and in Celestia's plight as the object of her sister's humping. Meanwhile, sunbutt gently suckles on your erection, her eyes downcast. Luna arches her neck in ecstasy, breaking the kiss."BY THE STARS, YES! OH YES!"As she comes down from her orgasm, she looks down."Sister!"Celestia daintily lets your cock fall from her mouth."Yes?""Oh, that's right, you should give her a kiss like that too."Luna's jaw drops. You pat her cheek and head towards her rear."Don't forget the hornjob part.""I, but- you, and-"You notice Luna's marecum has dripped down onto Celestia's tail and ass."I'll just get started back here while you think about it."You spread Luna's cheeks wide, her winking marehood on full display. With a happy sigh, you sink your dick into her moist depths. Her hooves paw at the bed as her breath hitches. You start with a slow rhythm, your hands rubbing circles into her plump flanks."B-be grateful, sister, for this t-taste."You lean to the side and glimpse their kiss, Luna's eyes shut tight. Celestia catches you looking and winks. You give her a thumbs up, and return to plowing her sister. That little scene already got your pretty hard,. The mares begin to moan, bands of magic flickering along each other's horn. But now you're diamonds.You grab Luna's tail for leverage, pounding her pussy with fervor. Your other hand digs at Celestia's ass, kneading the pale, soft flesh. The bed creaks from the motion of two full grown mares' bucking hips. The sound is joined by the increased whimpers and moans of the sisters, and your own grunts of exertion. Celestia breaks first, head hung low as she stains your bed sheets with her cum."Luna, you whore!"Luna grins in triumph, her eyes rolling back in her head."I have stolen thy coltfriend! At last!"She clenches around you, her marehood desperately milking your cock. She gazes at you over her shoulder."Fill my womb!"You can't help but obey, thrusting deep into her flower, shooting once. With titanic restraint, you pull out, then thrust in again, letting one more rope of semen out. You pull out again, and let your knees buckle. Luna stares at you in concern, but you take this opportunity to thrust into Celestia's pussy, emptying the rest of your balls into her unsuspecting depths. Her breath hitches, then continues normally."Sorry, I got a little weak in the knees. You got one hell of a pussy, Luna."With that, you stuff your cock inside Moonbutt once more, letting it slowly soften inside her. Luna smiles at that."Didst thou hear sister? He prefers my marehood to thine!"Celestia glances at you out of the corner of her eye."So I hear. Congratulations."It takes a little while to disassemble the marepile, and even after there is a fair amount of butt grabbing all aroundCelestia eyes the clock."Oh Luna, court will be resuming on the hour. You might want to go soon."Moonbutt looks up from where she was nuzzling your neck."Ah, I thank thee, sister. Anonymous, I must go, but thou shalt see me in thy dreams.""Have fun storming the castle!"She grins and teleports away. Celestia looks at you speculatively."Not that I'm complaining, but why did you impregnate me as well? We could have had our own tryst some other time."You hug her neck, sighing at the calming scent of vanilla."Throughout this whole affair, you were the only one to see me for who I am. You have been a good support, and have helped me be motivated to go out and talk to ponies. I know one of your fetishes is this whole cuckoldry thing, but I wanted to give you a sign that you mean a lot to me."Celestia holds you tight, sighing happily."Thank you, Anon. You have helped me see the new in old things, and made my time that much more worthwhile."She giggles."What?""Now I have your batter in my belly, Anon."You roll your eyes, and smile. You would never have dreamed that your life would end up this way. Maybe that's why it came true.Rarity hums in contentment, utterly relaxed under your hands."Oh darling, be careful or I might lock you up and keep you for myself~."This is a favor for a friend, nothing more. This is your mantra.  You are not aroused by-"Harder, Anonymous! Oh!"You pop a boner, massaging your number one clothes supplier and roommate. She chooses this moment to adjust her position, and you can only stare in horror and desire as her flank presses against your crotch. She freezes. You blush furiously."Sorry, it just sorta-"She laughs."Oh, Anonymous, it is entirely understandable. To tell the truth, I had been wondering when something like this would happen."You lean back onto your haunches."Y-you have?"Rarity draws her legs up underneath herself, and turns around."Of course! My friends and I couldn't help but notice your insistence on being clothed. But now, I think you are suitably inclined to removing them. Am I wrong?"Has she talked about this to her friends? It still baffles you how casual ponies can be about these things. If she wants to see it, though..."You ponies are lucky you are so cute."Rarity smiles in satisfaction as you pull down your pants. You pause at your boxers; this is a bigger step for you than you'd like to admit. Rarity stops staring at your crotch and glances up at you."Darling, I was rather hoping to see more than your legs bared."That does it. You are fully erect as you slide off your boxers.  You look up to see an odd smile on Rarity's face. As you straighten, her lips twitch, and she covers her mouth with a hoof."Rarity?"She fails to stifle a giggle."Oh Anon, it's so cute! Tell me you named it, you absolutely have to have named it."Your cheeks redden, but you respond."I call it Anon Jr.""Junior!"She dissolves into a fit of giggles. You angrily pull up your underwear and pants."Very funny. I might talk to you again next week. Good bye."You stalk off, only to find the door locked with magic. Damn unicorns."Now, don't be like that, I'm very sorry I laughed at your tiny stallionhood."You turn around and scowl at her."Tiny? And you are trying to apologize?"She draws herself up proudly."Well, I can hardly call it large, now can I? We've both seen Big Mac at the market."That sobers you up, somewhat. Earth ponies are intimidating. You shake your head."That's not the point, Rarity. You laughed at me, then insulted me as part of your apology. I don't appreciate that. You can find me at Fluttershy's, once you've learned to apologize properly."She seems honestly taken aback at how upset you are.  This time, the door opens, and you stride off angrily.You feel yourself calming down in Fluttershy's parlor."You can keep petting my mane. Um. If you want to."She's laying on her side, her head in your lap. You're not sure when this started, but it helps to pet her like this. Goodness knows you've had more than your fair share of frustrations since coming to live in pony land. And more, living with that mare. Your fingers card through her silky hair, and you feel another little bit of your anger whittled away. You sigh."I don't know what I'd do without you, Fluttershy."She smiles a little at that. Then she pauses."Anonymous? If you don't mind me asking, what was it?"You run your hand down her neck, drawing comfort from her soft warmth."Rarity, again. For a cultured mare, she can be awfully rude."Fluttershy glances at you, then away."I wouldn't say that's the real Rarity, but that she shows that side to you... Doesn't that make you better friends than if she always was careful to respect your feelings?"You lean back an sigh again."You're probably right. Still, I don't think I can just forgive her right away."She nods."That's okay. Um. If it doesn't upset you too much, what was the fight about?"You stare at her, unable to even lie, hesitant to tell the truth. She looks away, saddened."It's okay, you don't have to tell me."Damn cute ponies. You rake a hand through your hair, thinking quickly."She... saw something of mine, and laughed at it. I got upset, and she accidentally insulted me while apologizing."Fluttershy looks up at you."What was it?"..."My manhood."She's confused."Do you, maybe, have it with you? If I could see it, then I might understand."There's no easy way of saying this."It's my cock."She sits up straight."Rarity got see it? Before m-, I mean, I would like to see it too, if that's alright."You stare at her for a bit."Are all of you so curious?"Fluttershy won't meet your eyes."We might talk about it, every once in a while. Idly. Without charts."You suddenly have a bad feeling about Twilight."If it means so much to you..."Fluttershy nods intently. You do it all at once, revealing your half-flaccid dick. Okay, you did not think this through. She looks at you in concern."Is it okay?"You grunt in frustration."Just a moment."	You give yourself a few pumps, aided by the intense look of concentration on yellowquiet's face. You let go, Anon Jr. at full mast. Fluttershy glances up at you, then back at your dick."Can I... Can I touch it?"Now this is what you are talking about. You nod with a smile. She tentatively stretches out a hoof, barely brushing your shaft."So smooth." She murmurs.She strokes it with the soft part of her hoof, constantly looking to you for approval."You can taste it, if you want."Fluttershy frowns."I don't think that will help. We just need to keep touching it, so it can grow to a normal size."That sounds great, but this is one of your best friends.  You have to be honest."This is about as big as it gets. Touching it was just sexual stimulation."Understanding dawns. She looks at her hoof, then at your face."Oh."Fluttershy pats you on the shoulder."I'm sure somewhere, you'll find a mare that is happy with you."It's not much better than Rarity's try, but you can't get mad at Fluttershy. Just then, there is a knocking at the door. Yellowquiet pats you again, then flutters over to the door. She opens it, and you suddenly realize that you are exposed. You cover your crotch and try to edge away inconspicuously. Fluttershy steps aside, revealing Rarity. You stop your efforts, and just resign yourself to your fate. Rarity actually looks contrite, and the bags next to her might contain a clothing bribe."I really do apologize for my utterly dreadful comments this morning. I now realize that stallionhoods are a very sensitive subject, and need to be handled delicately."This apology? You can accept. The accidental innuendo certainly helps."I accept your apology. As long as you keep that in mind, I think we'll be fine."Fluttershy claps in muted joy."I'm just so glad you two could make up."Rarity smiles."Me too. Anonymous, I made some clothes for you, would you like to try them on?"This is often how you two make up. You love getting flattering items to wear, and she loves seeing how they look on an unusual form. You get up from your seat, ready to step into some new threads. Then she levitates a few pieces into view, and you sit right back down."I figured Anon Jr. could use a little flair, if you know what I mean."It's a beret, a scarf, and a jacket, all doll-sized."You want to dress up my penis."Fluttershy misses your flat tone completely, and claps some more."Oh, that is a great idea, Rarity! I'm sure Anon will be much more confident showing his stallionhood off, if it's well dressed!"No ladies, you are having the opposite effect. Whatever.  You officially do not care at this point."I'm glad you agree, Fluttershy. I have several outfits I'd like to try, and-"She sees you in your apathetic state."Oh, this will not do at all! We must have Anon Jr. at his finest!"What. You look down. Looks like you aren't the only one who doesn't care anymore. Fluttershy smiles."Don't worry, Anon showed me the trick to helping out the little guy! You take your hoof and-"Damn it, Fluttershy. Rarity interrupts."But we can't do that, we need to put clothes on it too. No, I'm afraid we must do something else."Should you be worried? Fluttershy droops."Oh."Rarity hops up onto the couch next to you, and lays down with her hooves on your leg."Anonymous, darling, do you remember what started all of this?"You stare at her quizzically."Massaging you, but I don't see-"She wiggles her hindquarters and gazes at you with half-lidded eyes."You may remember a certain part of me got a special massage at that time. Would you like to use your clever, wonderful hands, and try again?"Oh my."You mean it?"Rarity nods."My flank is yours for the taking."Things are definitely looking up. Fluttershy settles down on your other side."Oh, little anon is looking much happier!"Without a second thought, you reach out your right hand and grab a hand full of choice white rump."Mmmm, I knew you would see it my way, darling."Can't argue with that. You look at Fluttershy. Her eyes are open wide, taking in your erection, and the way you are squeezing that ass. You bring your left hand up and stroke her mane."Would you like that too, Fluttershy?"She squeaks in surprise, and lowers her head, hiding behind her mane."...If it's alright with, um, you?"Ohbaby.pngYou bring your left hand down on her soft posterior, gently cupping the golden booty. Rarity brings the first outfit over, and is happily trying different scarf styles just below your lower head. Fluttershy is blushing."Um, harder, please."Oh hell yes. You sink your fingers into her soft plot, grasping and pinching. You may be in heaven, but you are not about to stop and ask the locals. You finally pay attention to what's happening with your dick. The second outfit is on, a veritable three piece suit, albeit a tube instead of pants. Rarity gently sets a top hat on your glans to complete the ensemble. You are pleased to note a mild blush on her face as you grope her ass for all you are worth. Fluttershy groans, and lays her head down in your lap, sniffing at your sack. As Rarity removes the tiny clothing carefully, she asks,"Fluttershy, are you quite alright?"The pegasus nods slightly."Just, ah, fine, Rarity. I thought I might take Anon up on his, mmmmm, previous offer."With that, she licks your balls."Musky."Rarity pauses in bringing the next outfit up."Do you plan on tasting the rest of it? I have a few more outfits to try, and-"Fluttershy suckles on a testicle, moaning happily. You bring your hand from her flank to the valley in between, dipping into her moist pussy. Fluttershy moans even more desperately, her mouth moving up to your shaft. Rarity glances at you, then at her friend."My, but she is enjoying herself..."Your right hand drifts a little closer to Rarity's valley."Would you like to join her?"She's fully flustered now."Well, it would be rude of me to decline such a kind invitation."Your fingers dip into her waiting flower, slick with nectar. Rarity lets out a high pitched gasp. As you plunge into her depths, she joins Fluttershy at your cock, licking and sucking at the shaft. From time to time, their tongues meet around your dick, and they make a brief, heated eye contact. Forget what you said earlier, now you are in heaven. You bring your left hand to Rarity's mouth, and she eagerly sucks Fluttershy's juices off your fingers. The pegasus whimpers, and you quickly return to her quivering nethers. Rarity takes your length into her mouth, her tongue writhing around it. Then she pulls back, only for Fluttershy to pounce, sucking greedily at your member.You don't know how much more of this you can take. The switch a few more times, their entwined manes resting in your lap, getting dripped on by their mingled saliva running down Anon Jr. Finally you feel yourself stiffen in Fluttershy's mouth, and you hold her head down with your cum-soaked right hand, fresh from Rarity's vagina. Her eyes widen as you pump into her mouth, groaning in release. Rarity pouts."Do you mind? I was almost there."You return your hand to its labor, and she nuzzles your chest. Fluttershy swallows, then paws at your leg."Um, me too. I'm pretty close."You redouble your efforts, earning grateful moans from both mares. Fluttershy rubs her head against your chest, her eyes closed in rapture. Two sets of hips start bucking at your hands, and their breaths come in shallow gasps. Rarity clenches around your hand, her neck arched in pleasure.	"By the diamonds and stars!"Your hand is awash in marecum, and she rests her head on your shoulder, panting heavily. A few more seconds, and Fluttershy orgasms, a high pitched keening accompanying her shuddering pussy. As the mares lean against you in sleepy euphoria, you pet their manes fondly."That was quite nice, don't you agree?"Rarity hums contentedly. Fluttershy brings her lips up to your ear, and whispers,"Yay."The next day, you make a house call. You knock on the door to the Apple family barn."That you, Anon? Come in!"You open the door to find Applejack curled up, clutching her hind legs."Thank goodness, ah was worried ah'd be here all day."You crouch down beside her, careful to stay out of the range of her bucking legs."Pulled a muscle or two, I see."She smiles wryly."Guess ah bucked one tree too many."You trail your fingers across the underside of her thigh, saying,"Just tell me where it hurts."You are a little past the middle of her thigh when her breath hitches."Right there?"She closes her eyes and nods. You gently press your knuckles into her taut muscle, keeping it light and working the leg.  A few times, she twitches, and you pause before continuing. After the initial pass, you dig a little deeper, and she stifles a moan. You knead her thigh, trying not to think about yesterday's events, just losing yourself in the work. Finally, you finish with the leg, and she gingerly extends it. She sighs in relief, and presents you with the other leg.This one goes a bit easier, but you still get turned on by the sounds she makes. It's one of the odd perks of being a masseuse, but it's a little awkward getting boners around your friends. Once you're done, Applejack gets up on her shaky legs."Thank you kindly for comin' out for me. Big Mac will be along later today to drop off your payment of apples."You shake her hoof pleasantly."I'm always glad to help a friend in need. I'll check up on you in about two days. Until then, be sure to take it easy. We don't want this getting worse."She chuckles."Don't worry, ah learned that lesson long ago."You know, you saw the episode."Alright, see you later."You are about to open the door, when she clears her throat."Anonymous, ah hear Rarity and Fluttershy saw your plow."Your plow? Wait. You turn around."Who all did they tell?"Applejack shrugs."You know, me, Rainbow, Pinkie, and Twi."This is going to be a long day. She looks you straight in the eye."Mind if ah take a look?"Let's just get this over with."Alright."You drop your pants, and leave it hanging in the air. Applejack nods."Thank you kindly."You hesitantly put your pants back on."That's it?""Mmhmm. No offense, but ah live with Big Mac, so that's mah reaction to most stallionhoods."You chuckle weakly."Yeah, that thing is pretty huge."She adjusts her hat."Ah think about it, sometimes, to be honest."You get the feeling you have stepped off the path of normal conversation."The size of it, or... doing it with him?"Applejack watches you carefully."It doesn't have to be him, sometimes ah imagine other stallions, just, bigger. You know, Anonymous...""Yes?"Her cheeks color."Your forearm is about the right size.""Nope."That's a good way to lose an arm, you're pretty sure. The farm pony backs up towards you, presenting her glistening snatch."Come on, Big Mac, it don't mean nothing between kin."For her to slip that quickly into roleplay, she's thought about this a lot. You have to admit, she is an attractive mare, and it's not like you aren't interested in these sorts of things. You play along, deepening your voice."It's because ah'm your brother that makes this wrong."Applejack's voice is husky with desire."Just this once, don't be mah brother. Be the stallion who looks when you think ah'm not watchin'."Looks like things are more complicated than you anticipated. You step forward, resting your closed fist against her winking opening. She starts breathing more shallowly."Just this once, Applejack."Your press inward, and she gasps. You are up to your wrist in pulsing wet mare, and there is no turning back. No seriously, you aren't sure you can pull back out. You sink your arm in deeper, halfway to your elbow."Deeper, br- Big Mac! Plow me like your field!"You shove, reaching the end of her tunnel, embedded up to the thickest part of your forearm. She clenches around you, then releases, shaking a little. You take the chance to withdraw your arm, leaving your fist in. She groans and bites down on her hat. You start thrusting your arm in and out, straining against her strong pull. Marecum drips down onto the straw in a steady rhythm. She spits out her hat."Make me your broodmare!"You speed up a little, and catch her mane with your other hand. You pull gently, tugging her head back. Her face is flushed, her eyes rolled up and her tongue lolling out the side. Her walls spasm and constrict, flooding with juices. Even so, you are officially stuck."Plant your seed, farm pony. Mah earth is fertile."Thinking quickly, you open your fist slightly, then close it quickly, squirting some of her cum from near your thumb. You repeat this five times before she releases your arm. You sit down heavily on the hay, your newly freed arm shaking and chilling in the air. Applejack collapses on her side, a dreamy smile on her face. Fucking ponies. Then her eyes snap open, and she stares at your face in horror."Ah'm so sorry, ah don't know what came over me, ah-"You start laughing, tickled by the absurdity of it all. She still looks distressed."Don't tell no pony, y'hear? Ah don't know what ah'd do if this got out."You sober up a little."I solemnly swear I won't reveal your secret."Applejack sighs in relief. When she next meets your eyes, she's more bashful than ashamed."Ah'm sorry, that all musta seemed mighty strange to you."You shrug."Rarity put little clothes on my dick. This is practically normal."She chuckles at that."Good ol' Rarity. Ah swear, she'd fancy up the wind if it'd hold still."After a few moments of easy conversation, you take your leave. It may be a long day, but it won't be entirely unpleasant.You return to the spa, and wash off your arm in the bathroom sink. On your way to your usual massage room, you are yanked into the supply closet. You turn on the lights to find the shelves draped with streamers, a cake on one of the shelves, several cups of punch, and Pinkie Pie under a banner that reads, "Welcome to Ponyville Anon Jr.!""Surprise! Oooh, I'm just so happy that I can welcome a new friend to Ponyville!"..."You do know that Anon Jr. is my dick, right?""Well, duh~, that's why it's just you and me and lil' anon in a closet!"She probably isn't implying what you think she is implying."Wow, what a great party! I'd sure love to stay and have fun, but I have to work, so-""Silly Nonykins, I got the okay from your boss for the whooole thing! Like I would let something like a job stop ponies from partying.""Oh. Right then."Pinkie makes a show of looking around, but the closet is barely big enough for two ponies."But where is the guest of honor? I don't see him anywhere, and we can hardly start without Anon Jr.!"You aren't sure if that was clever or stupid."Give it up, Pinkie. You just want to see my dick."She shakes her head in a blur of pink."Nuh-uh, I want to throw a party for your dick!"What little resistance you had crumples.  Pinkie is pretty good at throwing parties, and you find yourself curious about what she has planned. You drop your pants for the second time today. Anon Jr. bounces up to attention, still hard from your session with Applejack."Oh there you are, Anon Jr.! First, everyone needs a hat."She works quickly, donning hers, then putting one on your head, and attaching a small hat to your cock."Did Rarity supply you with that?"She giggles."Of course not, that's from my personal supply. Now, it's time for the cake!"She lights the single candle, and tugs the cake a little closer to the edge of the shelf."Alright, Anon Jr. Make a wish!"You wish for a kiss from Celestia. Like that'd happen. You inhale, ready to blow out the candle. Pinkie puts a hoof on your mouth."Hold it right there, mister! This is Anon Jr.'s cake, and he's going to blow out the candle."You try to reply, but it's muffled by her hoof. What are you supposed to do, pee on the candle?...Oh. You begin stroking yourself, and Pinkie turns her manic attention to your efforts. You are helped along by the fact that Pinkie is almost pressed up against you in a small closet, looking at your cock. You pick up the pace, your other hand on Pinkie Pie's shoulder to steady yourself. Soon enough, you climax, splattering the candle and some of the cake with your spunk. The flame fizzles out, and Pinkie takes her hoof off your mouth."I'm not going to eat those parts."Pinkie grins."More for me!"She plucks the cum-coated candle with her teeth, and flings it into a corner somewhere. You feel vaguely sorry for whoever is going to clean up in here later. Pinkie cuts two slices of the unsullied parts of the cake, and sets them on little plates. She then gobbles up the rest of the cake, cum and all. You eat your slice, bemused by the odd eroticism of it all. It really is some good cake, sweet and creamy, with a banana undertone. When you're finished, Pinkie taps you on the arm."Anon Jr. hasn't had any cake. Won't you give him some?""Uh, like this?"You prod the unfrosted side of the cake, and your dick comes away with some crumbs stuck to it."Silly, that's not how cocks eat cake! Let me show you, it's easy!"She takes your manhood and presses it into the frosting on top, then through the moist body of the cake. You have to admit, it feels kinda nice, if messy. She pulls it back out, then puts it through another part of the slice. When your cock is returned to you, it's covered in frosting and cake crumbs, and is fully recovered from "blowing" out the candle."I think Anon Jr. is full, now."Pinkie nods happily."Me too! I hope you don't mind, Anonynohnymoanymoose, but I combined the presents and the games! Dicks are hard to shop for.""Sure? What do you have in mind?"She turns her back to you, and sets her forehooves high up on the wall. The party pony looks over her shoulder at you with a grin."Pin the mare to the wall!"Her tail twitches out of the way, and your heart beats much faster."First, let me clean off Anon Jr., he's a little messy to be playing that game."Pinkie shakes her head vigorously."He's just messy enough to play, I think!"Kinky damn horses. You swipe a dollop of frosting in your hand, and step up behind her. You smear it onto her lower lips, and some of it is carried away by a drip from her folds."It looks so tasty, I'm already drooling, heehee!"You bring your frosting coated fingers to her mouth, as you position yourself at her entrance with your other hand. She sucks on your fingers greedily, humming in appreciation of the taste. You thrust your hips, your cake-coated cock sliding into her well lubricated pussy. She pushes your fingers out of her mouth with her tongue, then says,"Enjoy yourself, Nonykins! This is your present to play with however you want!"You weren't aware you could get harder, but here you are, like a metaphoric rock from her home farm. She suckles at your fingers some more as you pound her, and you are happy to let her. You reach up your other hand and plunge even more fingers into her mouth. Frosting mingles with marecum and falls to the ground, dislodged by your lustful pumping. Pinkie's mouth is wedged open as you grip her lower jaw and cheeks in your hands, using your hold for an extra bit of leverage. Drool falls from her mouth onto her heaving chest, and she tries to giggle, but it comes out as a lower, more sensual series of grunts. Her tongue passionately laps at your fingers, twisting and stretching to taste it all. You feel yourself nearing your edge, and lean in close to her ear."I'm going to spill my batter deep inside your oven."That does it. Pinkie moans, her hips bucking instinctively as her walls close around you. You manage a few more pumps, followed by a deep thrust. Your sperm pours out deep inside, mixed with frosting, cake, and marecum. You release your hold on her mouth, and pull out of her. The four-fold mixture spills from her pussy, puddling between her legs. She giggles and snorts as she works her jaw to get some feeling back."Batter in my oven, that's a good one, Nonykins!  So, did you and junior have fun?"You slap her ass playfully."Of course we did. We played the best game known to ponykind with the best party pony."Pinkie turns to you and nuzzles your neck."That's so sweet! I had a lot of fun too, maybe we can do this again next year! A Juniorversary!"You squeeze her up in a quick hug."Sounds like a plan."After a bit, she sends you back to work, so that she can clean up the mess you two made.  As you close the door, you catch a glimpse of her licking up the puddle of cum and frosting. Damn kinky, mare.Somehow, Lotus is under the impression that today is your half-birthday, or some such, and clocks you out early. It's rare that you get to enjoy the walk home in the late afternoon, and you savor it. When you finally arrive, it's clear Rainbow Dash has been waiting for some time. You wonder what shoddy reasoning she'll concoct to see your package. It gets you kinda hard thinking about it. You step up onto your porch, and she huffs."It's about time. Tell me, what's going on? The other girls won't say much other than that they've seen it."That's more discreet than you realized."Maybe they are respecting my privacy?"You open up your door and walk in, Rainbow following soon after. She scoffs."Four mares weaseled their way into looking at your junk in two days. It's not about respecting your privacy."She shuts the door hesitantly."Is it huge or something?"You sorta understand that train of thought."Hardly. I take it you'd like a look too?"She shrugs."I might be a little curious."Fair enough.  You wonder if you are developing into an exhibitionist as you remove your pants. Rainbow gives you a disbelieving look."This is what the fuss is all about? It doesn't look that impressive."You shrug."It's you ponies who have been clamoring for it."Rainbow tilts her head to the side, staring at your hardening penis."Is it the smell?"She saunters over and takes a whiff. Her head jerks back in surprise."Bananas? No way your cock naturally smells like bananas.""Um."She takes a second, longer sniff."Like I thought, it only smells kinda like bananas at first. There's no foolin' this nose."She nods to herself. You raise an eyebrow."So you figured out all the elements of the smell? I can tell you, there's more than banana."Rainbow gives you an odd look."What, you rutted a banana and another fruit?"You shrug. "Something like that. That's probably all you'll ever figure out, but I'm sure you're fine with that."She looks you square in the eye."I know what you're doing. You're trying to get me to sniff your erection for some weird fetish of yours."Well, that was unexpected."So what do you want to do?""Oh, I'm still going to sniff your dick, I just didn't want you to think you could trick me like that."Mares. Who knows what they're thinking. The pegasus brings her nose in real close and inhales and exhales steadily. "I think I smell cake. Was there a banana cake of some sort?"You nod."There was indeed, a banana cake."She goes back to sniffing."The other smell, it's familiar, but I can't place it."She glances at you, and takes a lick. Your toes curl at the stimulation. She hums indecisively and takes a longer lick. You ruffle her mane with one hand, barely resisting the urge to shove yourself into her mouth. She smirks up at you."You like that, huh? Well too bad, I figured it out. The other smell is marecum."You let your hand fall from her head."You figured that out by taste?"Rainbow chuckles ruefully."Looks like I'm not the only sleuth here.""Who's the lucky mare?"She gazes at you seriously, but there are hints of excitement."What I'm about to tell you, you tell nopony.""Understood."Then she smiles, a tad anxiously."Alright, so I was crashing at AJ's place one night, and I got thirsty. On the way to the kitchen, I saw her splayed out on the couch."You like where this is going. Your hand absently brushes against your erection, which does not escape Dash's notice. She continues, smirking slightly."I became thirsty for something else, if you know what I mean. I was as quiet as a mouse, but it didn't matter. AJ sleeps like a log."Rainbow chuckles."I had no idea. First, I poked her shoulder, then tapped her chest. No response. Well, then I got a little daring."She blushes a little at the memory, and you cup your manhood in your hand."I kissed her. On the lips. Nothing. I slipped a little tongue in. Still nothing. That's when I knew I could do anything I wanted."That got you stroking, and Rainbow lays back on a nearby recliner, stroking her own marehood."I sucked on her teats for a little, mostly to see if I was right. The nipples got hard, and Applejack didn't make a sound. I moved on to the main course."Dash breathes a bit more shallowly, but continues her story."I kept it light at first, playing with her pussylips and getting used to the taste. Then I went a little deeper, and she started to get wet."The two of you are stroking firmly, and it sounds like Rainbow is a little wet herself."I even tried licking her butthole, but it tasted terrible. I actually got a drink, and when I came back, she was just as I had left her."She shakes her head."That mare is amazing. I didn't waste any more time. I put my hooves on her hips and lapped deeply at her pussy. I could feel her insides squirming, and I got a little worried she'd wake up. Nothing. She just opened her mouth to breathe easier."Rainbow grinds up against her hoof, her hips putting on a hell of a show."I drank it in, her nectar. My nose was filled with her scent, that sensual farm pony musk. Her hips were gently bucking against my face, and I kept on eating her out. Finally, her legs pinned by head to her crotch, and she arched her back. I drank as much as I could, but some poured out onto the couch. When she released me, I cleaned her up as best I could, then flipped the couch cushion over."Speaking of which, pretty soon you are going to need a new chair cushion.  You fetch a fresh sock for something to cum into, and resume your masturbation. Dash was pretty close, you could tell."I rubbed one out back ", gasp, "in the bathroom, then went", pant, " back to bed. You know what was", moan, "the best part?"She stares at your erection pressed into the cloth of your sock, a knowing smile on her face."The next morning", schlick, " she said that was the best night's sleep", hnnnn, "she'd had in a while. Wanted me to come over again."Rainbow Dash loses herself in bucking her hoof, marecum gushing out onto your chair. You let yourself go, hot semen soaking into your clenched footwear. She sits there for a moment, recovering."That was a pretty good story, Dash. Didn't know you had it in you.""Pretty good? I think we both know it was a great story, maybe the greatest story ever!""Alright, I admit, that was a great story. I especially liked the visuals."The pegasus gets up and preens a little, before noticing what she left behind."Hehe, sorry about the chair."You wave a hand dismissively."It's a low price to pay for the show."She nods."I think I get it now. It's not about your dick. You are just a cool guy to hang out with when you let some of your inhibitions go."You ruffle her mane fondly."That means a lot, coming from you. I have to say, I'm pretty lucky to hang out with a bunch of mares like you gals."Rainbow bats your hand away playfully."Yeah, we know. Hey, I'm going to get going before it gets any sappier, but let's hang out again sometime."You grin at her."Looking forward to it. See ya."She leaves, and you settle in for the night, shaking your head at the kinkiness of mares.The next morning, you hear a knocking at the door. It's Spike, to your surprise."Good morning, Spike, how can I help you?"He yawns."Mornin'. You got a letter from Celestia. Mind if I crash on your couch?"You take the scroll with a certain amount of apprehension."Yeah, go for it dude."He staggers off, and you lean against the outside of your house, reading by the morning light.~To Anonymous, my little human.Meet me outside the library when you get this.From,Princess Celestia of Equestria~worry.pngYou run inside, grabbing your deodorant and applying in the way to the bathroom. A quick comb through your hair, and you are ready as you will ever be. You set off at a jog, not wanting to build up to much sweat. The morning is cool, and you make good time. Celestia waits by the door, and smiles when she sees you. You walk to her and perform a short bow."Good morning, Princess. How can I help you?"She glances at the sun."It is rather nice, isn't it? Anonymous, I have asked you here in regards to some letters I have received over the past two days."Uh oh. She levitates two scrolls in front of you."Once you read them, I think your purpose here will become clear."With no little apprehension you pick up the first one.~Dear Princess Celestia,Today I learned that sometimes, it takes kindness and generosity to help a friend open up about themselves. Even if you do start off on the wrong hoof, if you apologize with sincerity, your feelings will get through, and you will get to see the hot monkey dick.Your faithful student,Twilight Sparkle.~You look up at Celestia in confusion."Does this really qualify as a friendship report?"She nods pleasantly."Are you not friends with Fluttershy and Rarity?""Fair enough. Let's see the next one."You swap scrolls, and brace yourself.~Dear Princess Celestia,Today I learned that my friends are sneaky, clever, and hormonal mares. I'm not entirely sure what went on, but now my other three best friends smell strongly of Anonymous. I learned that sometimes, research isn't enough. You have to go out and seduce the human.Your faithful student,Twilight Sparkle.~You hand the scroll back with shaking hands."She's gone a little crazy, hasn't she?"Celestia nods."Just a bit. Xenobiology has been one of her favored subjects in the past, admittedly, one of thousands, but now it is a large focus of her studies."You can guess why."So... I take I'm here to satisfy her curiosity?"After she hesitates, you add,"Among other things?"Celestia tucks the scrolls away in some magic space."That is the idea, yes. Don't worry, I'll be here to make sure she doesn't go too far."You wonder what will qualify as too far. Only one way to find out."Let's get this trainwreck started."You knock on the door to the treebrary. A muffled voice calls out,"Coming!"Celestia murmurs behind you,"She will be."... Did you hear that right? Buckle down, Anon, it's going to be a wild ride. Twilight opens the door, mane frazzled and a pencil tucked behind her ear."Good morning, Anonymous, Celestia. ..."The door slams, and you hear her run off. Celestia pushes the door open with her magic."I'm sure she'll be back in a bit. Why don't we make ourselves comfortable?"You end up opposite Celestia at a small table. She smiles graciously."And how have you been?"You shrug, put off balance by this new facet of her."Pretty good, especially lately. Work is nice, I'm making all sorts of friends."She smiles."That's what I like to hear."Twilight comes clattering down the stairs, her mane tied into a ponytail with blue ribbon. She stumbles a bit when she sees you two at the table already, then reorients herself."Good morning, Celestia, Anonymous. Oh, I said that already, didn't I? It doesn't matter, what matters is that you are here, and why are you here?"Celestia smiles serenely."Tell her, Anonymous.""I am here to aid you in your xenobiological studies,"You glance at Celestia, and finish with,"...among other things."Twilight glances between the two of you uncertainly."Celestia, you're here to...""Observe, and assist if necessary.""Right. Let me just get some note taking supplies and set the testing area..."The books on the floor rise up and file away in a haphazard fashion, while reams of paper coil and fold down to reasonable stacks.  About twenty inkwells and even more quills scatter about the room, and a bed floats down from Twilight's bedroom to settle down in the middle of the cleared area. Not for the first time, you find yourself in awe of the might of unicorn magic. Twilight steps into a white lab coat, and clears her throat."Let us begin. Please state your name, sex, and age, for the record."Looks like this might be a little more professional than you expected."Anonymous R. Le'Jion, male, and twenty five."After some quill scratching, she speaks again."Thank you. Now, if you would disrobe, so that we can record your anatomy."The gleam in her eyes is anything but scientific.  For that matter, Celestia is reminding you of the Cheshire cat a bit much for your comfort. It doesn't matter, this was inevitable. You take off your clothes without ceremony. Twilight pauses in the middle of her diagramming."B-but my charts... the average human penis should be nearly the same size as the insertable portion of a stallion's phallus!"You shrug."I'm below average in that department."You have more or less come to terms with that over the past two days. Twilight resumes her sketch work, her gaze lingering on your crotch perhaps a bit more than is absolutely necessary. A few moments later, she sets down the quill and levitates a tape measure over."Um, Celestia? Would you mind taking his measurements?""I'd be glad to."She's practically purring, the metered tape surrounded in a golden glow. Most of the measurements are normal, height, shoulder span, arm length, etc. Then there's the other ones."Penis length, flaccid."Celestia looks down at your erection."Not possible at this time. Shall I give you the measurement for erect?"Twilight looks up from her paper, and takes in the situation."R-right, let's get it while we have it."Celestia presses the tape to your cock, and calls out the number. She then slowly drags the tape along your shaft until the metered length falls off, maintaining eye  contact the entire time. The rest of the measurements pass a like manner, boredom interspersed with erotic tension. Twilight frowns."I would really like to get that flaccid measurement, for a complete data set."Celestia chuckles."I can think of a way to achieve that state. Perhaps if one of us were to give him sufficient stimulation, the refractory period would provide a window of opportunity.""S-sufficient stimulation?"Twilight rifles through her plans, and plucks out a page."Phallic stimulation... yes, we can combine that with the xenophilic compatibility test."You think you know what that will entail. Twilight gets up onto the bed, then pauses."Celestia, would you mind taking down my observations? I'm not sure I will be able to operate the quill while in mid experiment.""Of course. Anonymous, please get into position."You stand behind Purplesmart. She closes her eyes, and takes a steadying breath."Anonymous, i-insert your genitalia into the r-research mare's. For science."You are going to do so much science, you can tell. You prod her entrance with your cock, her soft warmth a comfort after standing around naked for all that time. You turn your head to see Celestia standing by, eyes wide to better take in the show. You slowly press inward, Twilight taking shuddering breaths as you delve into her. You come to a stop, fully sheathed, and the faithful student speaks."As previously observed, deviation in size is observed, yet not unpleasant. The phallus shape is within acceptable bounds for providing mutual stimulation."Twilight shifts her weight."P-proceed with species specific c-copulation behavior."You slide your hands across her flanks and get a firm grasp of her hips. You can feel her trembling, and it's kinda cute. You begin thrusting, keeping it gentle. She feels amazing, wet, hot, and silky.  The observations resume."It is uncertain if a pony could break free of the human's grasp." Hnnn," Repeated pelvic thrusting seems to be the," haaaa, "main form of sexual expression."You pick up the pace, slipping a hand from her hip down to fondle her hanging teats. She gasps at the contact."Is this sta-ah~ standard in intercourse with hu, human females?"You slide your other hand up to her upper chest, leaning on her back to keep your balance."Normally the mammaries would be up here-"You gently squeeze her dirty pillows."-but the pony analog is sufficiently close for transference of erotic associations."She orgasms abruptly, walls milking your dick for all they are worth, but you aren't there yet. Guess she likes scientific discussion. She collapses, sliding off your cock. You hold her limp body for a moment, then gently deposit her on the bed. Is that all? Twilight gives you a tired smile."Well, the primary objective is still unfulfilled, but it is safe to say that humans can be very compatible with ponies."She slowly climbs off the bed. Wait, she's giving up? You honestly don't know how you feel about that.  Celestia seems to share your reaction."Rather than leave the test incomplete, perhaps I could collect the other half of the data?"Twilight perks up at this."You would? I had thought that... well, if you are willing, by all means, let us continue. For science!"Celestia joins you in the cleared area, her eyes half-lidded."For science."You are confronted with the royal plot, whose gravity is irresistible. Your hands grab a hold, kneading and spreading her cheeks."The human seems to have erotic associations with the gluteal area, resulting in grasping and lifting manipulations."You press up against her, running your hands up her back and caressing her neck. Celestia arches her neck, and you whisper,"I bet you love that I'm still coated in your precious student's juices."She whispers back,"You catch on quickly. I might make you my next student."Your hands snarl in her silky, flowing mane."I'll hold you to that."Celestia speaks in a normal tone,"He enjoys dominance plays, controlling movement through mane-pulling."You let go with one hand, lining up your weapon with her pussy. She sense what you are up to and backs up, impaling herself on your rod. She smirks at you over her shoulder. You let go of her mane and seize her tail at its base, using it to lend extra force to your thrusts. Celestia laughs, low and sensual. Her wings are steadily stiffening, but have yet to fully unfurl. You slap that ass, memorizing the jiggling for future solo performances."A slight tendency for sadism is observed."Her vaginal muscles massage your dick with the expertise of a thousand years of experience. If this keeps up, it will end in her victory. You have to tilt the odds back in your favor, somehow. You listen to your instincts, and push her forward with your whole being. The princess's  front legs fold beneath her, and she gasps in surprise. This angle is much better, with her rump in the air, and you pump her with renewed enthusiasm. Twilight stops taking notes."Celestia, are you alright?"The alicorn lays her head down sideways on the cool wooden floor, jostling with each of your thrusts."I'm fine, he's just asserting himself, that's all.""O-okay, carry on."Meanwhile Celestia's wings are fully extended, and she is losing control of her inner efforts. You hook your arms under her hips and raise her up an inch or two, pounding her relentlessly. Her mouth opens, and her tongue lolls out, leaving a wet spot in the light dust on the floor. You can't keep it up any longer. You put your all into a final thrust, raising her back end another inch into the air as you fill her with your seed. The uncoordinated movement of her sheath falls away, and she clenches around your member, milking it for every drop of conquest.You fall to your knees, slipping out of her spasming hole. Celestia lets herself fall to the side, panting heavily. Twilight trots over, and you glimpse an odd blue glow on her tongue. She sits down between the two of you, and brings a hoof down to her nethers, then back to her mouth. That blue tongue laps up her nectar, and she swallows. She then takes your softening cock into her mouth, sucking off the accumulated juices. Lastly, she laps at her teacher's leaking flower."What was all that about?"Twilight swallows again."Chemical analysis, of course. Pardon me, I have to get this all down before I forget it."You stare after her in bemusement. Celestia stirs."Always the scientist, that one. That's why she is my most favored student.""I can see why."After a few moments of silence, Twilight returns."And now for the flaccid reading!"The research session ends an hour later, with a few more clinical gropings. As you schedule a time for the next session, you thank the powers that be for the mystery of pants in a pony world.You are Celestia, and ever since your guard found a creature stumbling out of the Everfree, you have been troubled. It, no, he, most emphatically he is like an animal, yet not quite. His eyes gleam with intelligence, yet the noises he makes are unintelligible. Twilight is working on the meanings behind the different noises, but there is little progress. And, for some reason, you feel jealous of her time with the anomaly. You have time to visit only rarely, but when you do, you feel his eyes upon you very keenly. He is an omnivore, a picky one at that, so you can't shake the feeling he wants to eat you, or... Luna joins you at the balcony over the enclosure."Your dreams are troubling, sister.""I know."She glances down at the creature."I do not see why it fascinates you so.""He is not an it!"Luna raises an eyebrow at your heated response."I was speaking of his malformed stallionhood. Turn from this path, sister, lest you become guilty of more than idle fantasy."You feel blood rush to your face. For all that you had missed her these long centuries, you would rather your dreams be a bit more private."I- I know. It's just, I can feel it. He is intelligent, he can learn simple things, I could...tame...him."Luna frowns."I know things have changed since I last walked Equestria, but bestiality is still controversial at best."You know. You wonder if part of the attraction is because it is taboo. Still, your gut feels differently."What of his dreams? Are the close to that of a dog or a pony?"Luna huffs."I cannot say. There is higher order clarity, yet lower order aggression.""Similar to griffons?""Yes, but even more aggressive. Sometimes he dreams of killing, Celestia. Not hunting, but murder."You shiver, from more than just fear. Your sister sighs."I won't feed your fascination any more. Please, reconsider."You give a sigh of your own."Sleep well, Luna dearest."She nods and walks away, pausing to look at you from the threshold of the door before disappearing into the castle. For all her words of warning, you find the fire of your...curiosity stoked to an uncomfortable degree. If only there was a way to give him the intelligence of a pony, then you could-Well, it is past time for you to return to your chambers and work out some of your frustration. Perhaps use the specially commissioned facsimile of a certain limb. You turn from the enclosure, your marehood winking from behind your tail.You are Anon, and magic horses are shit at learning English. Still, the big white one has a nice ass, so there's that.You are Anon, and even with Chrysalis staying behind, the sky chariot is a bit cramped. You find yourself gently pinned between the wall and Shewestia’s side.…“So, I was talking to a horse, and he implied that your title is not Finest Ass.”Rarity raises her eyebrows.“You were talking to male horse?” "Yes?”“Ah, never mind.”Twilight coughs.“Well, they were right. Shewestia, Wuna, and I are Princesses. “Shewestia ruffles her wings primly.“I, for one, accept the title you have given me. Tell me, though, is the hierarchy in your culture truly determined by the quality of one’s rump?”“I thought that was you guys. Humans have the usual thing of money, political power, etc.”Rarity glances at Shewestia’s flank.“An easy mistake to make, I think.”Shewestia smiles at that. Luna frowns.“Then you don’t think my rear is one of the finest?”You tilt your head to get a better look.“Well, it’s quite good. Rather shapely.”Luna turns away.“Hm. Very well then.”Shewestia shifts pensively.“So, you were owned by the rich and powerful ponies. Were they kind to you?”“Ponies? I wasn’t owned by anyone, I just had a normal job. It wasn’t until I got here that I became a pet.”She looks rather distraught.“I didn’t mean t- You are a free human, you don’t have to serve me-“You chuckle and stroke her back comfortingly.“I don’t mind, my life has been much happier since I came here. Besides, even with Rarity and I as your pets, you have too much stress. I like helping you relieve it.”Rarity coughs.“Pets? Not that I would mind, ah, rather I believe you are wrong again. I am not a pet.”Huh. Shewestia chews her lip.“…You wouldn’t mind…?”Twilight clears her throat.“Anom, would it be accurate to say that you think we have some sort of master-slave tradition in Equestria, while your homeworld doesn’t have such a thing?”Well, some history aside,“Yup.”She sighs.“We don’t have masters and slaves either.”"Oh.”Well,You pat Shewestia’s back.“I guess I’ll just be your consort or whatever.”Luna snorts.“We’re here.”You are Luna, you’ve let yourself be flattered, and it’s biased your judgement. You try to view the matter dispassionately. Anom doesn’t belong here, yet he has wormed his way into your sister’s good graces. His dreams of late are considerably more gentle than before. You wonder if that is a function of living as a sentient being rather than a test subject, or if the staggering amount of female attention has mellowed him. Part of your resentment, you think, is because he is attractive in some base, animalistic way. You are mildly tempted to just toss him in the upward flowing stream and be done with it. Meanwhile, Twilight Sparkle seems to have concluded her analytic spellwork. You approach.“Any insight?”She looks a little queasy.“It’s a mess, and not one I’ll be untangling soon. It’s, ugh, I have seen at least two parts of it before. It shares some of the wavelengths of Pinkie Pie at rest, and Discord when he’s reversing the laws of nature. There’s more too, but, well, with those two components I doubt I’ll get much further. This phenomenon doesn’t want to be understood.”You sigh, having expected something like this.“Is it dangerous to go through either end?”Twilight frowns.“I’m not sure, but even testing it, I would avoid going against the current if at all possible.”“I see. Thank you, Twilight.”She nods distractedly, and returns to her monitoring spells. You turn to where your sister, Generosity, and the Anomaly are sorting through the pile of stones and hiyuman artifacts. The Anomaly looks up at your approach. He hefts a crumpled boot with a wry smile."Brobably not going to be hanythig useful here, just a lot of boods and molby clothes."What an unfortunate accent. You grab the boot with your magic, turning it idly."Would it fit?"He makes a nonplussed expression."I'm not stigging my food in some old bood."You roll your eyes. "It shouldn't be difficult to find out. Now hold still."You press your magic outward inside the boot, until it might actually hold a hiyuman foot. Then you wrap magic around his foot, trying to get a sense of-The Anomaly makes a strangled cry, his leg twitching. You cut off your magic immediately, worry and a hint of guilt stirring in your gut."Did I injure you?"He gives you a shaky smile ."Nah, it just tickled."Then his eyes widen as he realizes what he said. You grin, horn glowing with a dread light.You are Celestia, and at least Luna's getting some stress relief. You tune out Anom's yelps and laughter, and turn towards the only one excited by the artifacts."Such unusual fabrics! Come, look at the pattern in this soft boot!"You settle by Rarity and examine her find."Hmm, rather geometric."She looks at you, her eyes sparkling with the joy of discovery. What a cute little pony."Indeed, but what is more impressive is the regularity of the pattern across a curved surface! It's not painted or embroidered, but a dye set in fine lines with no blotching or bleeding. If I could just rediscover the method..."She shivers in place, her mind exulting in the possibilities. Just then a finger trails across your flank. You surge halfway to your hooves in surprise, turning to find Anom looking at you pleadingly."H-help me."Luna laughs triumphantly behind him."Yes! Vengeance is mine! Writhe more, worm!"Blue magic flickers about Anom's feet, and he twitches and gasps, tears falling from his eyes."LUNA!"Your voice snaps like a whip, startling her out of her melodramatics. Her magic fades, and she looks at you inquisitively."Something the matter, dear sister?"Anom rests a weary head against your leg, the small act bringing a bittersweet warmth to your heart."I know you and Anom have a...""Vendetta?" She helpfully supplies."Complicated relationship. But what did you hope to accomplish by torture, especially in my presence?"Luna's ears slowly flatten against her head. Anom hefts an arm over your withers and stands with your support. You wrap a wing around him. He coughs."It wasn't really torture, exactly. She just got over excited and tickled for too long."You look him full in the face, searching his eyes for... something. He pats your head fondly. Why does that feel so good? Like you have accomplished something amazing?"Very well."Turning to your sister, you sigh."And you will be more careful?"Luna nods with mock solemnity."Indeed, I shall endeavor to tickle your consort in a more gentle and circumspect manner."That is, behind your back, and perhaps not as long. This is your lot as older sister, you suppose."Are we about done here, then? Rarity?""Hm? Oh, yes, pardon me, let me just gather a few things and we can be off."A veritable flock of boots float towards the chariot, and you find yourself charmed once again.You are Chrysalis, and it's warm on the tower top. You turn the page of the book, warmed in a different way. Such tumultuous affairs these ponies record. A low buzzing approaches, then falls silent. You wait, your eyes focused on the extended metaphor you are choosing to interpret as oviposition. You suspect this is the appeal of the style, to insert whatever lewd act you desire in the soft belly of the poetry. You ignore the soft scraping behind you,  stretching out an idle hand to play in the breeze. A faint green mist flows from your fingers down to a waiting mouth. The pressure that had been building up inside you seeps away, leaving a certain languid contentment. The last of the carrier drones crawls back down the outer wall, returning to its hivemates in the forest. The necessary deceit over, you close your book and gaze at a speck high in the sky. It seems your... bosom companions are returning from their little expedition. Time to retreat to Celestia's quarters.You are Anon, king of the boot hill. On your insistence, no less than three ponies are holding you solidly on top of the pile. Celestia insists it's not necessary, and Luna had a few things to say about what a frightened little colt you are being. Doesn't matter, flying in an open chariot car is scary, let alone on top of a pile of old boots.It's almost enough to distract you from brooding about the portal geode things. You honestly don't remember how you got to Equestria, and the scenery on the other side of the portals doesn't look familiar. In fact, it all seems to go to the middle of nowhere. There would be a very real possibility that you wouldn't be able to find your way back, even if you did make it to civilization. Not to mention that you aren't too keen on human governments getting wind of this horse paradise somehow.So, you are going to stay here. The next question is, what are you going to do? You are probably the consort of a princess, which brings certain duties. Fun ones, but not really time consuming ones. Maybe you should learn how to massage a horse? You do want to take this seriously, clearly these mares need more happiness in their lives, and you seem to be good at providing it. Eh, if nothing else, you can try to write a book.When you finally land, you hop eagerly to the stones of the landing. Celestia giggles."You really are too cute sometimes."Luna snorts. "I have been awake too long to be dealing with this. Good day, Sister, Rarity, Anomaly."With that, she teleports away. Celestia sighs. You turn to her, petting her neck comfortingly. She gives you a slightly sad smile."I'm afraid I must go preside over day court. Until then, Anon, Rarity, Twilight."She plants a quick, chaste kiss on your cheek ."Until then, Finest Ass."She swats your butt with a wing and walks away, a noticeable sway to her hips. The two unicorns and you watch, transfixed by the sight. Rarity clears her throat."Well, this has been quite the enjoyable morning, I must say. If you'll excuse me, I have a great many things to study."And then there were two. Twilight fusses with her clipboard, a noticeable blush on her cheeks. Taking the hint, you walk over and place a hand on her withers."I do believe it is your turn, Ms. Sparkle. The last two times, we were interrupted, and/or rather hurried. How about we take it slow, this time?"She meets your eyes, a demure smile on her face."I would like that."You are Chrysalis, rooting through Celestia's dresser. There probably won't be a diary, but there may be something interesting mixed in with the skirts and cloaks. You find a drawer full of towels, and in the back...Your claws brush against something rubbery and round. You retrieve the item, bringing it to the light of a window....Did...Did Celestia take pity on you, and magically disconnect the hiyuman's cock? For a brief moment, you feel a surge of gratitude nearly stronger than any feeling you have felt previously. But the thing in your claws doesn't feel properly fleshy, for all that it is shaped just like that sinister limb....You press the tip of it to your lips, letting them part to take in its girth. At once your nose is filled with Celestia's distinct scent, traces of her past pleasures dancing on your tongue. Delicious.You suckle on the toy, draining the emotional residue. Almost instinctively, your spare claw goes to your teats, grabbing and squeezing at them. Your hips surge, bucking at air as you drain the past dregs of Celestia's lust from the false fleshrod. You pull the cock from your mouth, licking your lips. Still, you feel unaccountably hot and wet.The body is unfamiliar, but the urges and the desires are as old as time. Your heart beats in your throat as you bring the head of the toy to your folds. A quick look around confirms that the door is closed. You ease yourself onto your back, and push the rubbery cock into your slit. You let out a hiss, back arching as pleasure blooms from your loins. Your legs clench around your hand, inadvertently pushing the dildo deeper. A lightning bolt of pleasure flashes up your spine, wracking your body with an agony of ecstasy. You moan helplessly, hips bucking instinctively."You alrighd in there?"Your blood runs cold. You turn to look at Anom. He stands in the doorway, hair mussed, face red, eyes wide. Most importantly, his robes have an odd protrusion at waist level. You draw up into a sitting position, covering your marehood with your hands. You glare at him."I'm fine. And don't think this gives you permission!"He takes a step back, visibly confused."Why would it?"You yank the toy from your nethers, brandishing it at him."Don't play coy, you know your master made this to tempt me!"He just stares."That's my dick."You roll your eyes."Obviously. And just because I'm using it to masturbate doesn't mean you can stick the real thing in me."He nods seriously."I agree."You feel a bit of tension leave your body...."Good."Anom looks at the ground, then at you."Mind if I watch?"You frown. As if you could trust him, when it leaves you so helpless....Perhaps you can't trust him too far, but,"Only if Celestia is there too. Now leave, I have more to do."He bows mockingly."As you wish."Anom closes the door, and you hear his footsteps trail off in the distance. After several more long moments of waiting in silence, you bring the toy to your moist entrance. You keep your eyes on the door, heart beating unaccountably quickly at the thought that he might come back, or perhaps it would be Celestia who intrudes on you. You start again, hoping and hoping not.You are Celestia, in your mid-afternoon. Day Court was as it always was, partially making a difference in the lives of your little ponies, partially dealing with the bickering and maneuvering of the rich and elite. Quite frankly, you are tired and in need of soothing. Now where is your dear consort...You cast a simple directional scrying spell, and set off. As you get closer, you realize you are heading towards Rarity's workshop. You don't want to intrude, however... You check the schedule. No, it is your turn to have Anom. When you arrive, you knock on the door."Come in~"You enter to find Anom standing, clad in a pair of short shorts and a midriff-baring tank top. He is also obviously dissatisfied with it. Rarity turns to you and waves a hoof at him."What do you think, Darling? Too much? Too little?"You tilt your head, considering. He crosses his arms, lifting an eyebrow. You grin."Oh, too much, definitely. Maybe if you could cut it off to here and here,"Your magic lights up lines on the shorts following the curve of his hip down to the tantalizing bulge between his legs."And the shirt could be tighter."Anom sighs."I don't mind dressing sexily for you, but can I at least have some comfortable, normal clothes?"Rarity gazes up at you with her pretty blue eyes."Can you believe he even wants to cover his arms and legs in sleeves?"You tilt your head, trying to imagine it."Wouldn't that make it harder to move? Not to mention always having it brush against your skin all the time, that would be so distracting."Anom kneels before you, clasping his claws together pleadingly."Trust me on this, please."You lean down and nuzzle against his cheek."Of course, dearest."Rarity sighs."Very well. I shall have the first set ready by morning."You smile at her."I'll be looking forward to it. Come along, Anom. I do believe it is my turn with you."You sigh happily, sprawled on the carpet of your room. Anom kneels at your side, massaging the muscles of your left wing. You just melt, swaying gently with his ministrations."You know, Chrysalis found the oddest thing today."You loll your head to the side."Oh? What was it?"Anom finishes your wing and straddles your back. His warm, firm weight is somehow calming, and ever so slightly erotic."A replica of my cock. I wonder how that came to be?"You give him an innocent look."That is a mystery."He smirks, his knuckles digging into a knot in your withers. You groan at the pain and pleasure as your muscles relax under his hands."Equally mysteriously, she was using it rather thoroughly in your room."You raise your eyebrows."I thought she was afraid of such things."He shrugs. "Maybe not if she is in control of the movement."You consider how you might do that, your tail lashing back and forth. You spend a few more moments soaking up Anom's sweet attentions before the heat in your nethers becomes unbearable. You surge to your hooves, steadying Anom on your back with your magic. He squawks rather cutely. You trot towards the bed."Why don't I thank you for that massage?"He leans forward, wrapping his arms around your neck, breath hot on your ear."Oh? And what do you have in mind?"It feels too good, surely he was made to please mares. You let your magic play across his body as you set him down on the mattress."I'm sure I'll think of something fun we can do on the bed."Pomf.You are Rarity, trying not to fidget during dinner. Celestia agreed to meet afterwards, but in the meantime she has been sending you the occasional knowing, almost smug glance. It is maddening. Not to mention a distinctly...Anomalous scent lingering about her and your dear friend Twilight. It is so completely at odds with the decorum with which Celestia and Anom are conducting themselves. You are a little proud of the latter, Anom is taking rather well to your lessons. Unbidden, the memory of Anom ravaging Celestia's mouth comes to mind. You sneak a look once more at the perfectly dignified princess. It's all just so... scandalous. You love it.The two of you stand on a balcony overlooking the gardens as the sun sets. You draw a small bouquet from a satchel and present it to Celestia. Her eyes flicker across the selection. 	Calla Lily, for her magnificent beauty.Begonia, her fanciful nature.Hellebore, a scandal.Snapdragon, your presumption.Ivy geranium, a request to join her for the next dance.She smiles, tucking it behind one ear."I'd be glad to, Lady Rarity."Your heart thunders in your chest as you approach her. She kneels, her head drawing level with yours. You spend a long moment admiring her face from up close, from the elegant curves of her cheekbones to her luminous eyes. Then you lean forward and press your lips to hers. Your magic cups her head as your kisses become more passionate, and she responds in kind. Her mouth is sweet to your taste, her tongue sliding and coiling around your own. All too soon, she breaks the kiss, leaving you panting. For her part, her cheeks are fetchingly pink. Celestia grins at you, her eyes bright."That is what fascinated me about you from the start, how you mix decorum and audacity so well."You lift your chin, feigning offense."Audacious? Moi? Perish the thought, I assure you that I merely identify my proper place in society and move to occupy it."She giggles. "Of course, how could I have thought otherwise? Tell me, what will you do now that you occupy your proper place?""My duty, of course."You boop her nose with your magic."That is to say, I shall discover everything I can about you, get to know you inside and out, and use that knowledge to make us both as happy as possible."Celestia blushes in earnest at your proclamation."I'd like that, Rarity."You are Chrysalis, and in retrospect, you probably shouldn't have left the toy out on the dresser. Now you are standing around, waiting for Celestia to retire for the evening. The hiyuman waits opposite you, sitting on some cushions. He tries to hide it, but you taste his desire. It would be pitiful how easy he is to read, if he was not so dangerous to you."So, how was your day?"You shift your weight from one leg to the other. Bipedal forms are always so awkward."Acceptable."He nods, but you get a whiff of disappointment. You aren't used to accepting food as yourself. There is no pattern, no habits to fill in. You'll have to improvise."And how was your day?"He blinks in surprise."It was..."Anom rubs his face."Busy, but good. I think I'm going to like the new routine Twilight set up."	You taste flickers of desire and satisfaction. If only you could have replaced him, what love you could have eaten. Still, it is not as if you are going hungry, and you really only have to worry about one person being a danger. Your eyes flicker to the toy once more. Even after using it thoroughly, you are still fascinated by it. Such a simple shape, but the pleasure it provides...You rub your thighs together at the memory. You feel a spike of lust, and quickly turn your gaze back towards the hiyuman. He blushes."I'm looking forward to tonight as well."Oh yes, you did say he could watch."Good. Remember, always sate yourself with Celestia."He grins."Like I could forget."Reassuringly, you can sense his lust is muffled, not directed at you. You pause. You taste something sweet coming. The door opens, Celestia and Rarity walking side by side. Celestia looks at you and the hiyuman, then at her newest paramour."Rarity, to what extent would you say you want to join in?"The unicorn eyes her options, and you can taste her curiosity."Far be it from me, to decline any new experiences."Anom chuckles."As expected of Celestia's most favored pet."Rarity blushes."I believe we shall have to compete for that title, darling."Celestia's horn lights up, levitating the purple maned mare onto the bed, ignoring her yelp and protests."Then let's begin, my lovely little pony."Rarity's fussing turns to cooing as the princess laps at her marehood. Anom walks closer to you."Looks fun, how about it?"You lift an eyebrow at him."I believe Celestia is rather monopolizing Rarity at the moment."He rolls his eyes."I meant, how about I go down on you? Or you could sit on my face, if that makes you more comfortable."You stare at him."Sit... on your face?"He nods."That way, you can get up whenever you want, and I make you feel good with my mouth."You like the sound of having an escape option."Very well."Anom shucks off his clothes and hops onto the bed. You approach cautiously as he lies down, his head near the foot of the bed. Lust wafts from him, laced with sweet affection. You can feel your body respond instinctively, growing warmer and wetter. You climb up, your knees on either side of his shoulders as you kneel over him. You feel vulnerable, even though you can plainly see he lacks the range of mobility to do any damage with his erection. You lower your pelvis slowly, until encounter soft, fleshy resistance. He kisses your sex."Ah!"You can feel him hum in amusement. You'd be angrier, but whatever he is doing is making it hard to feel anything but pleasure. Your eyes drift close as you press yourself into his tender ministrations, losing yourself in the sensation. His chest is firm and warm under your hands, reassuring in some way. You lean forward, drawn by instinct and by scent. There is a delicious reservoir of love before you. You lap at its warm, sweet waters, though only drops make it past your tongue. Anom moans beneath you, and you open your eyes. You stare at his balls in confusion. You look a little further down, to find his cock in your mouth. You blink, and in that momentary darkness, you can sense that reservoir again, so close, but so maddeningly far. Your mind is thick with lust, both your own and Anom's. You don't even have to think about it, you suck greedily at his stamen, your tongue politely and insistently petitioning for his nectar.You grind against his face, your arousal coating his mouth and chin. With a muffled groan, he opens the floodgates. Your mouth is filled with his cum, his lust, his love. You swallow again and again, almost drowning in his essence. Love and power suffuses your being, performing an unknown alchemy on the hiyuman seed you have swallowed. Your form burns away in a green flame. Your wings buzz in happiness.You are back!Anom's dick falls from your open mouth, and you leap onto the floor. You gaze at yourself in the mirror, eyes wide. It's your old, familiar body, with every hole and antenna just as you remembered."Huh, so that's what you normally look like."You turn to face the hiyuman, bracing yourself. He just smiles."You look pretty cool, Chrysalis."You can taste the sincerity, as well as Celestia's and Rarity's wariness...."Thank you."You smile a little, feeling safer than you have in days. You have your magic back, you have control of your form, you have a steady supply of food and a secure nes-Oh.You turn to Celestia, feeling more full than you have in years."Do you have a room where I can lay our eggs?"Celestia blinks, then breathes a sigh of relief."How does the treasury sound?"Deep in the castle, accessible by only her most trusted subjects."I'll need the key..."Celestia smiles wryly."I think I can arrange that."~Dear Mom and Dad,I'm glad to hear you are doing alright, and I miss you too. Oh, and tell Terra Incognita sorry for me. If this is what it was like getting tickled by someone older and stronger than you so often, well, I'd probably still have tickled her, just less. Luna is pretty nice aside from that, so I won't hold it against her. On to the good news, I have finally joined my siblings in giving you grandchildren. Sorry it took so long, but I think you'll agree that my 13 make up for the wait. Names and pictures will be at the end of the letter, but you can get a general idea if you think xenomorph. Thankfully, they skipped the facehugger stage and aren't especially acidic. They're a pretty big handful, but Chrysalis used to raising lots of kids at once, so it works out. Let me tell you, seeing her in a cuddle pile with all the kids is pretty adorable, once you get past the whole insect thing. In related news, Celestia got pretty competitive about it, so expect another grandchild in about 7 months. Not much more to say, really. Life is good, the wives are lovely, and I'm looking forward to seeing you all again once we figure things out from this end. Then we can have one of the strangest family reunions, but we've always been an odd family. Your son,AnonymousP.S.: When we do speak again, I'm going to have the weirdest accent. Hopefully there won't be too much lost in translation.~You are Anon, the officially bored human. Got the paperwork right here, signed by a lawyer, two judges and some kind of minister. Okay, you may have just written it all in the dirt and made up the signatures, but it's still official. You think you're in quarantine. What with being from another planet, it would suck if you gave everyone smallpox or something. Doesn't make it any less dull. Oh hey, the purple one is back. The magic forcefield ripples around her as she steps through. She starts to whinny at you, then notices your official declaration of boredom. Her jaw drops. Then she looks at you in bewilderment. It's not that hard to understand. Maybe if you say it slowly?"I...am...bored. Booooorrreeed."Starbutt scowls in concentration, her lips contorting as she tries to process this. Maybe the magic horses are a race of retards. Living in the buildings made by some alien race. Then it hits you. You are going to have to be Daniel Jackson.Shit."W-wahrd"Or not?"Close? It's more like bored. Boooorrrrrrrrrred."Her lips flex some more. You'd be turned on if it wouldn't feel like bestiality. Seriously, these horses are dumb."Whperd?"She points at your declaration. Finally, some progress. You nod emphatically."That's right. That says I'm bored. Here, you are having trouble with the concept, let me spell it out for you."You crouch and write in the dirt."B""O""R""E""D""Bored. Brought to you by the letter 'all the damn time.' "The mare trots in place for a bit, clearly excited about something. Must be nice. Then she draws a triangle on the ground. Alright. You draw a triangle too, equilateral because that is objectively the best triangle. You also draw a square, because why not. Starbutt sits and clops her hooves together. Yes, applaud the great shape drawer, Anonymous the human. You draw a pentagon. She draws a hexagon."Oh, it's on."Fuck, she stuck you with the odd number ones. It takes a bit, but the seven sided thing comes out okay. A little wobbly. She draws an octagon."Yeah, let's just skip to the end."You draw a circle. More like an oval, but who cares? Apparently Starbutt, because she gallops away. Are circles offensive?You are Twilight Sparkle, and you dreamed this day would come. Not only are you studying an alien, but you will have to communicate with math! You barge into Celestia's chambers. She looks up at you from her pile of documents."Yes?"You grin."He's intelligent! He understands numbers, sequences, and geometry! I think he has a writing system too."Your wise and powerful teacher shifts a little."Really? Tell me more.""He wrote something in the dirt, he called it a wird or something. Then I-""A word? Maybe he's using an dialect from ancient Equestrian?"You shake your head slowly."He's an alien. There's now way we would share lingual roots, unless... we came from another world, and creatures like him stayed there and are ruled over by the ponies that stayed! It all makes sense!"Celestia shifts again."Do you really think he is used to ponies ruling over him?""How else do you explain how calmly he let us capture him, and put him in the enclosure? He might be an escaped servant, or a lost rebel! Come with me, I have to see how he reacts to your regal presence!"You can see her pretend to be reluctant."Very well, Twilight. I have spent too long cooped up in here."You are Anon, and it'd be nice if they gave you some clothes. It's warm enough that you don't mind being naked, but sitting on the dirt isn't the most comfortable thing. You still aren't sure if you should erase the circle (oval). Well, you know one thing.Bitches love triangles.You draw about a dozen. The purple one returns with the queen of ass. You're pretty sure magical horse hierarchy is determined by booty size. Starbutt whickers excitedly at your magnificent offering. Art like this should be preserved for future generations. Sunrump has eyes only for you, though. Can't blame her. You smirk at the mare. She starts walking slow circles around you, admiring.Dat ass."You like what you see? I know I do."Whitebooty snorts and whuffles from behind you, her breath hot against your neck. Looks like someone wants some petting.You are CelestiaaaAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!Oh wow, his claws feel amazing on your face, stroking your neck. You thought you would just sniff him, but no, this is much better. Oh, but he does smell nice."Keep going you glorious thing!"Twilight looks up from measuring the triangles with a protractor. "Teacher, are you al-"She looks away modestly."I-I see he, ah, is used to serving mares. Oh my."Poor Twilight, perhaps you will let the anomaly tend to her next.Oh!Your forelegs buckle as he scratches your back vigorously. Maybe tomorrow, Twilight.You are Anon, and you swear, magic horses are like cats or dogs or something. The big one practically melted when you started petting her face. Purple is looking away, guess she really likes shapes. As you start scratching Sunrump's back, she lowers her front end. You are oddly reminded of a cat in heat. You make your way back, and-Oh, yeah, just like a cat in heat. Just to be safe, you scratch her back a bit longer, listening to her satisfied snorts and panting. Your hands travel progressively further back, until-he creature is grabbing your butt. You look at him with wide, hopeful eyes.Go ahead. Please your master.""T-teacher?"You turn a loving gaze on your student."I think your experiment is a success."She blushes."I didn't think that- that he would, to you, I mean..."You lean into the grasping, kneading motions of the soft claws of the anomaly. Sweet stars, it feels good. You do feel a little guilty, exposing Twilight to this, but there is no way you're stopping now."My little pony, you can have a turn with him after."Looks like Whitebooty is explaining the birds and the bees to Starbutt. You see the little one nod, and you figure that's as good a cue as you're ever going to get. Old Faithful dives into the winking pussy, the warm walls exquisite along your shaft. Sunrump huffs excitedly as you plow her fields, your hands worshiping the finest ass you've ever held. Oh hell yeah.You are Twilight Sparkle, and your beloved, beautiful, wise, motherly, kind, teacher is getting rutted like any old mare in heat. You know it's wrong. 	So wrong.But you can't stop watching as her rear jiggles with every thrust. Princess Celestia, your tongue shouldn't be hanging out! What magic is this? Maybe, in addition to friendship, there is another form of magic? Clearly the creature is adept at using it. You've never seen your teacher so happy, so disheveled, so degraded, so attra-And this will be you in about thirty seconds to a minute. You aren't looking forward to that. Not at all. You aren't looking at the lewd motions of your teacher, and imagining how that will be you.It's official, magic horse pussy is the best pussy. You'd write it in the dirt, but you are too busy pounding an ass that won't quit. The horse has her wings at full mast, her head laying in the dirt, smudging one of your triangles with every jostle. You swear, it's like your dick is being caressed by the hands of at least three Greek goddesses. You hope one of them is Hera's, Zues would deserve that, the unfaithful fuck. You've been going for at least five minutes, and you are determined to go much longer.You are the warm pile of pleasure that used to be Celestia. You thought you could handle it. Now, after your eleventh orgasm, you have a sneaking suspicion that ponies do not rule over the world this thing came from. You should probably be worried that an apex predator is so adept at reducing you to a quivering mass of ecstasy, but you feel so safe in his strong grip.You are Twilight Sparkle, furiously masturbating. You are still waiting for your fate, and you no longer dread it. After twenty impossible minutes, an evil light gleams in the invader's eye. He rams deep into Celestia, twitching as he defiles her very womb with his semen. He lets out a deafening roar, his dominance secure. You have never been wetter in all your life.Shit. You hope magic horses can't get pregnant from human sperm.Oh, how you hope you can get pregnant from this creature's semen. Still, a promise is a promise. You turn your head from where you are collapsed on the ground."Twilight, it's your turn."You look at the magnificent specimen."Please be gentle to her."It looks like the lil'purple wants something. She's not meeting your eyes, bit she's walking towards you. Then Big Blue dives in and starts braying and flapping her wings angrily. Looks like someone doesn't like ovals."And when I wake up, what do I see? You, coercing this poor thing into first rutting you, then your poor, impressionable student!""It's not like that! Look, he's intelligent! He understands geometry!"You point at the triangles, guilt and anger roiling in your stomach."Shapes." She spits the word put with disgust."Have you no morals? If you cannot communicate with it, and it is not of a reasonably similar level of intelligence, there is no way it can rightly consent! I am taking him into my custody, lest you take even more advantage of him."Your sister is angrier than you have seen in a long time. She wraps a wing around the alien being, and teleports away. Twilight sits down with a thump."What just happened?"You sigh."Luna and I have a disagreement about the nature of the anomaly. I just hope we can be reconciled a bit easier than last time."So, maybe Blotchbutt doesn't mind the ovals? You look around as she lets you go. This is more like it, a nice clean bedroom, a large bed, tables and chairs, yeah you could get used to this. Still, it looks like you'll have to go Daniel Jackson. Good thing you figured out step 1, romance the locals. Now for the hard part. Figuring out horse speech. And making some clothes, it's a little cooler in here.You are Luna, and the poor thing is wrapping itself in a blue sheet, no doubt trying to be more like its savior."No need to go so far, it is enough for you to be yourself."You try to pull the sheet off of it, but it resists. After a few moments of tugging back and forth, you relent. You suppose it's harmless to let it identify with you more strongly. The question remains, though, what are you going to do with a sexually abused creature in your private bedroom?"Did they feed you? What am I saying, of course you can't understand me. I shall just have to send for a servant to bring berries or something."You start to turn, but you see it take a deep breath."Great mustard, grphlg container."No. It can't be."Can you understand me?"Its brow furrows in concentration."Cab you blow us?"Even if it can only imitate sounds it hears, this is rather impressive."Can.""Cam.""Can.""Can?""Can!"You smile and pat it on the head. Naturally, once you take a being out of an abusive environment, it learns much more quickly."You.""You."That's right, it got this one right before."Understand.""Uddergrab."You blush a little at the idea. You know it isn't trying to say...that, but you are beginning to see why this thing troubled your sister so."Un-der-sta-nd.""Hungerma'amed""Under-stand""Understab.""Underst-a-nd""Understaand"You pat it on the head again."Me.""We""Me""Ne""Me""N- m-me""Me.""Me."You pat it on the head again. Now for the moment of truth."Can. You. Understand. Me?"It tilts its head"Can you understand me?"You clap your hooves happily."Yes!""Yes?"This language thing is easier than you thought."Yes, I can understand you.""Yes! I can uddergrab you."You blush, unprepared for his earnest expression and lewd words."Uddergrab? Yes?"You need to retire to your cham- that won't work, he's already here. You must go somewhere else, so you don't make the same mistake as Celestia.Maybe you said oval in horse?  At any rate, you have the room to yourself. You try to practice the horse words big blue taught you, but without any reference for their pronunciation nor meaning, you stop after a few repetitions. If Starbutt was shit at learning English, Blotchbutt is worse at teaching Magic Horsish. But that's what you get when you base your society on booty size.You look around the room. Might as well figure out what you want to say as early as possible. Oh hey, paper and quills. It saddens you as a ballpoint pen master race to use such outdated technology, but you'll just have to endure it for now. You set to work drawing food. What else do you really need to say? Magic horse, Human, hmm. You really should find out if they have an alphabet.If you can record what they say, that would go a long way towards remembering the language. Probably. Assuming you can get the idea across with your mediocre artistic skills.You are Luna, in a guest room in one of the lesser used towers. Even so, you cover yourself in blankets before you permit yourself to think about- Those skillful paws, kneading your tender teats. Those perversely dull claws making rows in your soft belly fur. Your breath is loud in the empty room, otherwise silent but for the rustling of the sheets. Then the door opens and you freeze."Sister, I want to apologize. We should have talked, performed real experiments, and..."You stare frozen, touched by the sentiment, but the moment is made awkward by your hoof on your nethers. Celestia tilts her head, hints of anger making themselves known in her posture."Tell me you didn't just take him for yourself."You hold out your hooves placatingly."Nothing of the sort! I was just teaching him words, and he, ah, misspoke indelicately, and so I retreated so I could approach him rationally!"She glances wryly at your glistening hoof."He said u-uddergrab. Several times. You know how he smells, how he bares his teeth, how he has such strength in his exotic body..."Celestia's expression softens at that, a goofy smile playing across her lips."Oh, yes. I do know that."She focuses on you again."So you agree? He's intelligent, and just speaks a different language?"You frown."I wouldn't go that far. I have only confirmed that he can parrot sounds. I shall require many more interactions before I can be certain of anything else."Celestia raises her eyebrows."What about Twilight and myself? Can't we interact with him as well?"You shake your head"I have had him for just a few moments, and he has already made more progress learning Equestrian than in the month you had him.""Perhaps you are not the variable; Twilight has a theory that he came from the ancient pony homeland, and that his kind were raised as servants to their pony masters. How else do you explain how quickly and expertly he found the scritching areas?"That...seems unlikely."Where are you going with this?""I interacted with him as though he was a servant, and almost instantly he fell into the habits of a concubine. Understand this: he needed no prompting to go from scritching most tenderly to rutting me half out of my mind. Perhaps in your own interactions, you took on the role of an instructor, and he responded to that?"That can't be right..."That's a lot of supposition, but perhaps I was too hasty in banning all interaction with you. If you'll let me clean up, we'll see him together."Celestia smiles graciously."That sounds good."As you wash your hoof in a nearby basin, she asks,"So where is he now?""In my bedroom."You can feel her stare on the back of your head."You sure you didn't want him for yourself?"You find yourself blushing. "I was in a hurry, and it was a safe place. We can move him to another room."Celestia grunts skeptically, but makes no comment. You return to your room to find the creature messing around with a quill. Maybe he's imitating the young Twilight Sparkle? He perks up noticeably when he sees you. Yes, you are a kind and gentle pony, it really shows in how-Why is he grinning at Celestia?"Would you look at that. It looks like he drew some things. Shall we see what he wants?"You glare at her for a moment before turning a sweet expression towards the biped"What do you have for us, specimen?""Specimen?" Celestia asks, unimpressed. "Silence."The two of you draw closer and look at the drawings. They really aren't good, but you can recognize an apple, a bowl, and some other things. He points to the food."N?""Oh dear, did you forget to feed him?""I had a lot on my mind!""I imagine you did. I better get him something before he starves. "She leaves, deliberately swaying her hips. The poor thing is hypnotized. You levitate over a fresh sheet of parchment and sketch out a generic pony, then yourself."Here, let's learn some more words! You like learning words, right?"The beastly thing is slow to turn to you, even after your sister is gone. Curse her. You tap your drawing impatiently. He ambles over, adjusting his sheet. You point at the pony drawing."Pony.""Coney.""P'ony.""Pony."At least he's quick to imitate you. You point at the drawing of you and tap your chest."Luna.""Wuna.""L una""Luna."First constants seem to be a problem. Nevertheless, you feel it is important that he learn your name. You point at only yourself."Luna."You see something flicker in his eyes, and he smiles and points at you."Luna!"Oh, why is that so sweet to your ears? Then he points at himself."Hragumbrash."What an ugly name. You point at him."Anomaly."He tilts his head."Anoma...Anom."He points at himself."Anom."Then at you. "Luna."A fair compromise. Then he turns to the parchment excitedly and scribbles out what can only be your sister. No other pony could be so grossly incandescent."N?"You sigh."That is Celestia.""The bestia"You might kill this Anom creature."Ce-le-stia.""The Labia"..."Ce""Ce""Les""Les""Tia""Tia""Celestia.""Celestia. Celestia? Celestia!"You are so done. Then he hugs you and murmurs,"Luna"Perhaps he is not so bad.You are Anon, and you are so happy you now know what names to yell out while having sex. Big Blue needs to loosen up, but you guess she's nice enough in her own way. You release her from the hug and bring her to one of your earlier drawings. The best one. It shows a surprisingly handsome human grinding against the ass of some fine magical horse. You spent about fifteen minutes getting this one right."Rehn?"You aren't really sure what that means, but it came at the end of a lot of questions Starbutt asked you. Big Blue blushes and looks away, whickering or whatever you call that noise.Did you just get propositioned by Anom?"I don't think-"You glance at the drawing again. Why is this one better than the others?"I mean, ah, "He points more emphatically at it."N?"Okay, maybe he just wants to know the word. Yeah, that's it. You take a few deep calming breaths and point at the drawing."Sex."Just then Celestia opens the door, a smirk on her face."What have you been teaching him?"Anom turns to her grinning broadly."Celestia! Sex!"Now, you want to die, or just kill him, you aren't sure.You are Celestia, and did you just get propositioned by the anomaly?You may be Anon, and you may not know much about what they are saying, but you know exactly what to say to stir up the most trouble. Judging by Big Blue's frantic stuttering and Whiterump's subtle blush, you got it right.You are  Celestia, and you recognize that smile. It's the same one you made when the Gala got torn to shreds. You're on to this guy. Meanwhile Luna is still sputtering away."-look at this, he was the one who wanted to learn the word!"You look and see a well drawn rendition of the anomaly penetrating you...."Are you sure? This is well drawn, unlike all the others. Honestly, Luna, I don't mind if you have those sorts of feelings for him, I just want him to be free to choose who wants to spend time with."You always though your sister was the cutest when she was blushing."No! He really did draw that! I mean, I wouldn't, but if he did, and I am not lonely, so stop you know, saying things."Too cute. He must think so too. The anomaly pats Luna on the neck, smiling at her. How forward.You are Luna, currently frozen in place. You've imagined what it would be like to have a coltfriend. You are a mare, after all. But never did you imagine that he would be an alien, or try to initiate things right in front of your sister. Or that he would have rutted your sister earlier."Aw, he likes you!"Trust her to make it worse. Anom looks at you closely."Luna? Gar que hoxay?"Despite the gibberish, you can hear the concern in his tone. You are touched, a little. He strokes your neck. You are touched a lot. Curse your marehood, now is not the time. Celestia giggles from behind her hoof."I better leave you two love birds to it then. Good luck!"With that, she teleports away. He glances away at the sudden absence, then goes back to staring into your eyes. You have to say something."I'm...fine, it's okay."You could drown in those eyes.You are Anon, and you are feeling kinda guilty about what you did. Wuna looks sad, or confused, or something. You feel obligated to help, somehow. You raise a hand to stroke her head, but your thumb brushes against her horn on the way. Wuna shivers, and her eyes roll back for a second. You freeze, unsure of what you just did.Oh Stars and Void, you just came.Okay, Anon, you can do this. Just don't touch the horn, because that is probably painful or something. You wrap your arms around Wuna's neck and hold her close. You stroke her mane gently, murmuring comforting whispers.He has claimed you, and is growling in your ear while he flaunts his dominance. You have never been more scared or arou-You struggle to say something, do something, but-His claws pet your mane, the gentle tugs stimulating already sensitive skin. He pulls back a bit, and you hope you will be set free. But no, he merely stares into your eyes, daring you to challenge him. You feel the last dregs of anger stir within you, how dare he-He brushes a bit of your mane from the side of your face and cups your cheek in his claw. You drop your eyes immediately. He should not be taking these liberties with your person. You should pin him to the ground with your magic, and call the guards. He suddenly surges forward, catching you up in a tight hug, murmuring something like "Choo Kude"He rubs his cheek against yours, and you cannot help but melt a little. You have been alone for so long, and he is so very warm. Your nostrils fill with his intoxicating scent. Oh Tartarus, he's scratching your neck.You have to hand it to these magic horses, they can be cute when they want to be. You still aren't sure what was wrong before, but under your expert petting and hugs, Big Blue is definitely feeling better. Still, extra cuddles never hurt anyone.You freeze as his hand dips towards your belly. He vigorously scratches, his claws pressing just hard enough to set your skin tingling with crossed signals of pain and pleasure. How long will he torture you? He made you cum within a few seconds of being alone, but now he seems to be taking his dear sweet time ravaging you. Instead, each minute of rubs and gentle scritching and quiet growling feels like an hour. The heat that has building inside of you is nearly an inferno. Finally, he makes a mistake.He brings his hands up and scratches at your chest, leaving messy furrows in your fur. You press forward, knocking him to the ground. He looks up at you, started by your mareful show of cleverness and power. You place a hoof squarely on his chest, and he has the audacity to smile at you. You bring your face within inches of his and snort.Looks like someone wants kissesYou-WhatJust-You know what? Two can play at the ravaging game. You tear your sheet from his body. How pitiful. You prod at his limp stallionhood with a hoof, laughing at how small and malformed it is.You are Anon, and it looks like Wuna is pretty excited about giving you a handjob. Hoofjob? At any rate, today seems to be your lucky day. Mr. Shine agrees. Him diamond.Oh. That is...less pitiful. You become all too aware of your hoof pressing against his hard, muscular chest. Your other hoof sensing just how hot a member can be with increased blood flow. The last of your mirth drains away, and you are left with a heat in your loins and a male under your power. You have fantasized about this as well. Your heart pounds, you can hear your heavy breathing. You are going to do this. You align yourself carefully, guiding his rod with just a hint of magic.Looks like she wants to skip the hoofjob. Wuna lowers herself onto your cock, her inner walls like silk around you. You exhale in a rush, arching your back as she slowly works her way up and down your shaft. She stares at you with some alien emotion in her eyes. You have to respond."Wuna. Thanks for the hzeggs"You have the soul of a poet.What is he saying about sex? He better not be implying he's had better. You didn't lose your virginity raping an alien for him to just mock you. You pick up the pace, nearly slamming into his pelvis. At the same time, you cup his balls with your magic and knead his flanks with the same. Over the sound of your own panting, you hear his strangled growls. His claws snarl uselessly in your chest fur. It is so /satisfying/ to see him so completely at your mercy. You lean your head down and whisper in his ear."You are powerless! I am your princess!"Oh man, she's talking dirty in your ear, you just know it. You grab her face and kiss her deeply, your tongue probing the entrance of her longer mouth.What is he doing? You...it's fine. You can handle this. Even though you are still ravaging his cock with your delicate flower, it somehow feels dirtier to kiss like they do in Prance. Nevertheless, you have the advantage here. Your long tongue presses his back, and you feel yourself brush against his sharp teeth. Another shiver runs through you, and you clamp around his stallionhoodFor several blissful, long seconds, you are only aware of his exquisite length inside you and your tongue barging around heedlessly between his dangerous jaws. When you come to yourself again, you are startled to realize that he has yet to climax. Every book you have read has insisted that maregasm will ensure a simultaneous release. You pull back, wondering if your marehood is defective.That was hotter than you ever thought sex with a horse could be. Hmmm, looks like she's getting tired. You better take over. You roll her over, and start taking long, slow strokes inside her. She does the shiver thing several more times in the next few minutes, and you think you figured something out.It was a trap. How could you have forgotten how your sister lay defeated and broken in the dirt? Even now, your body is racked with waves upon waves of pleasure. You could free yourself if you could just gather enough concentration to focus your magic. It's hard when his relentless cock is pounding your marehood with merciless efficiency. You begin to gather a few shreds of magic. Then a claw delicately traces a line down your horn. Fire flows through your body, your limbs flailing with the sensory overload. Your marehood spasms over and over, and you scream in ecstasy.Jackpot. You've been holding out, but this is all beginning to be too much. You chant her name like a prayer as you accelerate towards your own climax."Wuna, Wuna, Wuna, Wuna, Wuna...."She thrashes on the ground, eyes closed shut in sexual exaltation.He keeps saying your name. You lay helpless and wild beneath him as he claims you, womb and soul. He croons out your name one last time as his cock ejaculates within you, filling you with his hot seed. He embraces your twitching body as his stallionhood softens achingly slowly within you. What can you do?He kisses you sleepily and strokes your mane. You sigh, and wrap yourself around him. You could do worse for a coltfriend, you suppose. The bedroom door opens."I heard a scream, are you alright?"It's sister's pupil. Twilight falls silent at the sight of Anom still buried in your marehood, semen dribbling down between your flanks."N-nevermind!"The door slams shut. The creature chuckles, but doesn't move. You don't move either. You wonder if you could get pregnant from his seed. More worryingly, you aren't sure what you would prefer to be the truth.You are Twilight Sparkle, and you have to tell the princess. You knew it was a mistake to leave a mare alone with the Dominus. You round the corner and teleport to Celestia's room. She looks up from her work."Yes?""The Dominus has conquered Luna!""Domi- oh. It's about time. Although, I have to pity any stallion who tries after him."You pause at the mental image."Do you think he'll try to conquer stallions?"That would be...Terrible. Yeah. Your wise teacher considers the grim possibility. Her cheeks flush with dismay? Yes, definitely dismay."I shall have to think about that. Still, we should check on Luna. Do you think he's done now?"You blush at the memory."Last time I saw them, he had c-culminated within her m-marehood."Celestia covers her mouth in, yes, horror, you are sure of it."Oh ho, this I must see!"What? Maybe he is weaker after conquering a mare? With dual flashes of light, the two of you come to stand before Luna's door. Celestia opens it. Luna lies tranquilly on her bed, combing her sparkling mane. You see nopony else. You turn to Celestia quickly."He was here! I saw him!"Celestia smiles reassuringly."I don't doubt it. Well, sister? Do you still think he is a mere animal or is he something more?"Luna scowls and sets the comb aside. Speaking of which, where is the Dominus?"In some ways, he is nothing but a beast. Nevertheless, I sense that something more inscrutable than a Dragon's heart motivates him."How can they be so calm with a seduction monster on the loose? You nudge your teacher."Shouldn't we restrain him while we are yet unaffected? Where is the monster?"The royal sisters exchange a glance. Celestia smiles down at you. It's her, 'You're thinking like a filly, not a mare' smile. You don't like it."He's not a monster, Twilight. He's very forward, and uninhibited. You do bring up a good point; restraints could be fun."Luna shifts angrily."He may have won this time, but it would taint my victory if we did not fight on equal ground."It's too late, they have both been affected. You run off, to send a message to the only pony you know who could stand a chance. You only hope that they get here in time.You are Celestia, and there she goes. One thing is for certain, you can't wait to see the friendship report on all of this. Back to the topic at hoof."By the way, where is he right now?"Luna nods her head towards the bathroom."I noticed his hindquarters carried some of the soil from his enclosure. It seemed needful for him to bathe.""What an interesting thing to notice."You grin at her blush."Nevertheless, we should- ""You were oggling his butt~!"She glares at you."Never. The. Less. He cannot stay in my room, and I fear for the maids of we put him elsewhere."Oh."That is a good point. He can stay with me.""Sister!""I know it is irregular, but I think he will be better behaved than you think."Luna stands suddenly, a snarl on her face."Because he likes you better?"Oh, there's the old venom. Better step carefully. You lay down on the floor and close your eyes."Because I am not challenging him."You hear her stride up to you, not quite growling."What do you mean?"This is a lesson that took you a long time to learn."I was not conflicted in his embrace. He did not have to persuade me to couple with him. Thus, he no longer has to pursue me.""You gave up?"You tilt your head side to side."I am not his opponent. You have claimed that position.""I...see."You can almost feel the anger leave her. You open your eyes and smile."Effective, isn't it?"She snorts."Perhaps. At any rate, I will be ready when you call for aid."You are Anon, and you feel cleaner now than you have in the past month. A real bath. Real towels. Shampoo. Angry magic horses arguing in the next room.Okay, that last part isn't so great. The Jiminy Cricket within you reminds you that this is what happens when you troll in real life. It certainly doesn't help that you don't speak the language. You hear the argument die down, so you peek around the corner. Whiteru-You really should use their real names. Shewestia notices you and beckons you over with a warm smile. Wuna... you can't read her expression, but she does seem expectant. Then she murmurs something with a wry twist to her lips, and you figure it's okay. You walk casually over to Whi-Shewestia, glancing at Wuna all the while. Shewestia leads you out of the room, leaving her second in command behind. Heh, second in behind.As you round the corner, you figure you should try to smooth things over between the two. Now, how to say this with a four word vocabulary... Is Luna in trouble for having sex with you?You are Celestia, and-"Luna, sex,"What. You look over. He slaps one claw with the other."Anom, N?""Anom?"	He points to himself."Anom."So that is his name."Luna sex," claw slap the other, " Anom N?"Is he asking if Luna wants rough sex with him? Well, she might. You nod. His eyes widen. Poor dear."Celestia, " shakes his head, claw slaps other, "Luna!"You pause. Where do you come in this? You, not, rough, Luna. He thinks you are jealous of Luna. You smile and shake your head."Celestia, " you pet one hoof with the other, "Luna."You are Anon, and of course, Wuna is Shewestia's pet. Come to think of it, the purple one was pretty submissive to her as well. Are the dark colored magic horses the pets of horseland?  Or maybe just the cool hues. Something to keep an eye out for you guess. At any rate, you are either a fellow pet, or maybe just a general access sex toy or something. Not a bad gig, depending on how it plays out.By the time you are done deducing incredible insights about horse social systems, you arrive at an elegant room littered with countless scrolls, reams of paper, and spools of ribbon. Shewestia directs you to a cushion as she assumes her place at the nexus of paperwork. Truly, heavy is the ass that must fill the horselandian throne.You are Celestia, and you really need to teach him more words. You gather up some writing supplies and draw a pony with her mouth open and letters coming out. You point at your drawing and at yourself."Say""Shave"Oh how tempted you are to not correct him. Nevertheless,"Say""Shay""S-ay"	"Say"You give him a nod and a smile, and move on.You are Princess Cadence, and twilight's message mentioned a rampaging monster with a powerful seduction aura. It must hide it well, you can't sense anything of the sort. Shining stands vigilant beside you as the sky chariot comes to land on a wide balcony. He is so sweet sometimes. Twilight slips out from behind a curtain, a relieved smile on her face."I'm glad you made it. They've changed, ever since he got to them."You give her a comforting nudge."It's alright now, we're here. Now, who was the first one affected?"Twilight's face turns grim."Celestia."That is very troubling. The three of you stride towards Celestia's chambers. You'd teleport, but you want to keep a low magical profile for as long as possible. You take a quick sweep of the room with your senses. There's the incredible bonfire that is Celestia, the motes that are the sealed scrolls, and the usual background levels of magic. You open the door, and trip on the Dominus.You are Anon, and one minute, you are trying to get "sorry" across in pantomime, and the next you have a lap full of pink magic horse. Her belly is thrust out prominently, and she's looking at you with wide, pleading eyes. Well, might as well fulfill your role. You scratch her belly.You are Cadence, and-Oh~It takes a moment, but you roll away just in time for Shining to tackle the Dominus. Your face is bright with embarrassment. Celestia is watching with mild interest, no doubt confident in Shining's ability in non-lethal takedowns. Speaking of, the two males are rolling around, and why is the Dominus laughing? Oh. 	Oh my.You are Anon, and you forgot how fun wrestling with dogs was. If mares are like cats, then you are pretty sure stallions are like dogs. You roll around a bit, then flip him onto his back and give his belly a nice firm scratching."Honestly, where are you all coming from?"Then you look up and see purple hanging back in the doorway. Looks like she brought her friends for some belly rubs, how sweet.You are Twilight, and it looks like the Dominus will go for stallions too. Then he looks at you while he molests your brother, and you know you are next."Forgive me, Shining."You run away again, with only one hope left.You are Cadence, and while Shining is frozen in horror, You aren't sure what you feel as you watch his belly get thoroughly and expertly tended to.You are Anon. Maybe purple is bringing more friends? You turn your attention to the subject of your ministrations. Is this enough for now? Then you notice his boner, and you are done and backing away. Sorry dude, get a mare for that stuff.You are Celestia, and sometimes, you have to nudge things along."Hello Cadence, Shining. Have you met my guest, Anom? He's still getting used to pony society, and hasn't quite learned his manners."Cadence spares you a sidelong glance."Indiscriminate belly rubbing?"Shining gets to his hooves shakily."Among other things. We think he was trained to serve a pony ruling class in a number of ways.""Then how about this: You! Sit!"Anom sits obediently, looking at you with a curious expression.You nod encouragingly."We've been teaching him Equestrian, but only some basic words so far."Shining warily places himself between Anom and Cadence."And you aren't being controlled?"Ah, that's their theory."I don't think so. What do you sense, Cadence? Your senses are a bit keener than mine in these matters."She closes her eyes and concentrates."I sense...fondness, lust, and a hint of jealousy. And from him...almost nothing. Goodwill, acceptance, concern, and yes, lust."She opens her eyes."Nothing controlling, nothing artificial."Cadence sits down, much of the stress draining from her frame."Please keep him on a tighter leash, though. It would be unfortunate if this sort of thing happened again."You raise an eyebrow."Now, who was it who barged into my private bedchamber?"Cadence blushes. Shining hangs his head a little."Yeah, sorry about that.""I'm sure you've learned your lesson. Now, how about we all settle down and get to know one another?"You are Shining Armor, and before you know it, you fall back into your old guard routines. You almost completely tune out the mares' conversation, monitoring the last statement for questions directed at you. Most of your attention is on the... monster? Culprit? Perpetrator. He doesn't look so dangerous, sipping tea with that dull look on his face. You'd almost underestimate him, but your belly still tingles from his attack. Not to mention your, ah, reaction. You can see a twinkle in Cadence's eye when she glances at you. When you were merely a guard assigned to her, you'd often be in this situation; bored and stiff. She'd make sure you stayed at attention, with innocent seeming motions that moved her tail just so, or bared her slender neck. You wouldn't mind amusing her in this way if it wasn't for the cause of your current predicament. You take some solace in being extra vigilant and stoic.You are Cadence, and it seems your dear husband has taken a liking to Celestia's novelty. He's not even paying attention to the conversation, just staring at the creature. To anypony else, he would be utterly unreadable, but you can see the longing in his eyes. You really ought to do something nice for him, he's been working very hard lately. You glance at his stallionhood. Very hard indeed."What are we looking at?"You start at Celestia's whisper in your ear. You cough and regain your composure."I was just thinking, do you think you could lend Anom to Shining for an evening? They seem to be bonding nicely."Celestia smirks."They seem more bored than bonded. I'll ask him though, he is his own creature after all."She waves a hoof at Anom, who focuses on her with the dullness you recognize from guards too long at peaceful postings."Anom, night, visit, Shining Armor?"Your husband perks up at the sound of his name.You are Anon, and you suppose it was only a matter of time. Some mare was going to ask for the gay stuff eventually. Still, if you're going to suffer this indignity, you want to see them get off on it."Cadence, Celestia, watch Anom sex Shining Armor?"From his sputtering, shy guy probably doesn't want an audience. Meanwhile, you are pretty sure the mares are excited about the idea. That's closer to how you like it.You are Celestia and you...did not anticipate this. You've watched Shining climb the ranks over the years and develop into a strikingly handsome unicorn. You might have entertained some thoughts, but this...Cadence can't take her eyes off of Shining's erection. It's a pretty good one.You are Shining Armor. Why is no one listening to you?"Hey, not that there's anything wrong with two stallions having a good time, but I do not swing that way!"Tartarus, the creature doesn't even look that into it. Maybe that's your way out. You look him in the eyes."No sex."He blinks."jusk kantog? Can."Then he grabs your dick and takes your breath away.You are Cadence, and oh, Shining really likes that. He's doing the twitchy thing while his horn sparks. To tell the truth, you rather like this as well. Your helpless husband. The way Anom just looks at you like he knows. You find yourself squirming in your seat, rubbing against the velvet cushion beneath you. Celestia isn't much better. She may be completely still, but you recognize the glowing from her marehood. You've used that too, when Shining was on night patrol. You bite your lip to keep in the moans.You are Shining, and by all that is holy,Someone stop the creature!It's so- Wrong. Not to mention that you are aimed at Celestia. It doesn't matter that this feels more amazing than your w-Uggghhhh. Crap. You can't even think anymore.You are Anon, and it's almost bearable if you don't look at what your hand is doing. It is kind of amusing the effect it's having on the mares. Pinkie, you aren't being subtle about humping the floor. Shewestia can't take her eyes off your handjob. You wonder...It's a bit of a stretch, but you reach out with your other hand and grab her ass. She whimpers and her hips buck once. Oh hell yes.You are Cadence, and you can't believe your eyes. Such debauchery. Reducing everyone to rutting animals. Twilight was more right than she knew. Shining's cock surges, splattering the table with his glorious cum. A droplet lands in Celestia's chest fur. At that precise instant, you cum.You are Shining, and you collapse onto your back, your body almost painful with the height of your orgasm. You might swing that way after all.You are Anon. Great, now your hand is all sticky."Gotta clean this off somehow."You pull your hand away from shy guy and stand up.You are Cadence, and that cum is yours.Pink Pervert climbs up onto the table and licks your hand, maintaining perfect eye contact. You freeze as her tongue caresses every inch of your hand, between the fingers, licking and suckling until its clean. When she swallows, you check yourself. Yup diamonds. Then she turns her back on you and starts lapping at the cum on the table. Goddamn. You feel something stir within you. First things first, though."Kay Dense, sex?"Shewestia gives you a gentle push towards the pink tush and says,"Yes."Well, let's see. You get a double handful of bubblebutt. Kay Dense's tail lifts up and over your arm, revealing a winking pussy. No need to ask twice, then.You are Cadence, and there's a fire in your veins clouding your mind. Your vision is filled with the delicious cum on the table and Shining's still firm erection. Even as you lap up your favorite treat, you feel something latch onto your hindquarters. In your lust fueled haze, you automatically lift your tail out of the way. Celestia enters your field of vision, hovering over your husband's cock."Wait, what do-"Something amazing plows through your undefended pussy. The pressure on your flanks spikes, and your forelegs give out as the Dominus hilts inside you. Your face lands in the puddle of Shining's cum, and you are only peripherally aware of Celestia lowering herself.You are Shining Armor, and you had almost recovered when something hot and wet enveloped your stallionhood. Your eyes snap open and are filled with a wondrous sight. Princess Celestia is riding your dick, an expression of wanton abandonment on her face."N-no, this is wrong!"She locks eyes with you, her expression sobering a little."Forgive me, but I could not hold back any longer."With that, her hips grind against yours in a slow, exquisite rotation. You gasp at the stimulation, your cock already throbbing inside the pussy you had fantasized the most about, second only to your wife's. Where is Cadence? Why isn't she stopping this? Celestia nuzzles your neck, and you find it increasingly difficult to protest. Then you glimpse your wife over Celestia's shoulder, and it all makes sense.Cadence had insisted on making all of your dreams come true, even when you ashamedly admitted your onetime lust for the Sun Princess. She must have traded a favor to Celestia's pet for this rare opportunity to rut the Sun.  You smile at your wife, and yield yourself to the ecstasy of Celestia's marehood.You are Cadence, and your nose is filled with the scent of Shining's cum. Celestia bends down to nuzzle his neck, and he smiles at you. Why this gratitude? Anom thrusts inside you again, your cheek smearing against the table. Ah, you remember now. How embarrassed he was to admit his juvenile fantasy.  How you would roleplay as the radiant princess. Your promise to make his dreams real.  As prices go, this one isn't so bad. You give yourself over to riding Anom's cock. You do spare a bit of magic to stroke Shining's neck. Oh how you love him.You are Anon, and Kay Dense starts getting into the rhythm, her tail coiling around your waist. You bend forward and drag your fingers down her back, savoring the way her inner walls clench around you as you hilt. No doubt about it, this is worth a handjob. You wrap your arms around Cadence in a bear hug and lift her up, thrusting deep into her from below. She squeals in surprise and delight, her back arched against your firm chest. You slide one hand down her belly and rub her pussylips as you pump in and out.You are Celestia, and you feel your guilt growing in proportion to your pleasure. And yet, even though you know this is a mistake, you can't stop yourself. Then Shining Armor smiles at something, and turns to look at you. His face is so close He kisses you, his tongue invading your startled mouth. You cum right then and there, bucking senselessly as you return the kiss. Your guilt drops away, and you fill yourself with the firm length of a virile young stallion.You are Shining Armor, and her mouth is as sweet as you thought it would be. You wrap your hooves around her neck and pound her quivering pussy, no doubt highly sensitive after that last orgasm. You can feel yourself nearing the edge, your senses filled with the lovely sight and scent of an aroused mare. You break the kiss, and whisper in her ear,"Thank you, for fulfilling my dream."As she shudders with the wave of her third orgasm, you can hold back no longer. You fire deep into the belly of the Sun, clutching her to your chest as you ride your own wave of pleasure. For long moments, the two of you lay there. Then Celestia looks at you, her face flushed with pleasure."You know, I had dreamed of this as well."You smile, flattered."Then here's to dreams."You give her a kiss on the cheek, and pump your softening member once more inside her. She giggles, then rests her head against your neck.You are Cadence, and from your vantage point, you were able to see that whole adorable little scene. Still, you feel a little lonely, even as you are rutted like no mare has been rutted before. You've lost count of your orgasms, your whole body tingling with every thrust, stroke, and shift of Anom's claws. You twist to look back and up at this impossible creature, your mouth parted and inviting. You expect his kiss to be deep and fierce, but he takes his time, his lips surging against yours like a slowly building tide. He lays you on your back on the table, his kisses and pounding uninterrupted. Once his hands are freed, he strokes your face lightly with the rounded tips of his claws.You find yourself to be the one to go for the tongue, your nose filling with his musk, your tongue tasting the exotic depths and thrilling points of his mouth. Then his claws converge on your horn, tracing the spiral, filling your body with white hot pleasure. You keen into his mouth, your body desperately clinging to his, trying to fill you with the entirety of his length. He shudders at the same time, his hips slamming into yours. Finally he hilts, and you feel his hot semen fill you as he surges again and again. After a long, exquisite moment, you relax your hold on him a little. He smiles at you."Thang you.""You're welcome."He brushes a strand of your mane from your face, and you feel warm inside, even more than before. You want to share this."Take me to Shining."He tilts his head, then picks you up. As you gently sway in his grasp, you wonder at the strength in those limbs. He sets you down by your husband. Shining looks at you with warm, affectionate eyes."Thank you, my beloved."	You give him a kiss."Anything for you."You are Anon, and you have to say, you are feeling pretty satisfied. Shewestia rolls off the stallion, and looks at you with a pleading expression."Carry me?"You sigh, and pick her up. She's actually kind of heavy. You shift your grip and rest part of her weight on your hip. She nods towards her bed, which looks awfully inviting. You walk over slowly and set her down on the mattress. Shewestia beckons you to her, and you climb in beside her. She wraps her hooves around you, and snuggles up close. You return the embrace, bathing in the warmth of her presence. And just like that, you fall asleep.You are Anon, and you sorta recognize this dream. You walk into the kitchen, and there's your bowl of mac and cheese. Then, yes, light flickers. When you look back, the bowl is gone and you are hungry. You rifle through the fridge, then the cupboards, then the oven. Nothing, same as always. You turn, expecting Mr. Rodgers to make it all better. No.It's god damn Wuna eating your bowl of mac and cheese."Stop that! It's mine!"She freezes, a forkfull midway to her mouth. You stride towards her to grab it, but you can't seem to make any progress. She just gets farther and farther away, and keeps eating your damn mac and cheese. You wake up angrier than you have been for a while now. You blearily turn your head, barely making out a number of silhouettes around the bed."Now!"You are engulfed in a brilliant rainbow, its light somehow bearable. In fact, you find yourself calming down. It was just a dream, and in no way is Wuna responsible for the theft of your dream food. Your eyes adjust to the morning light, and you see Purple has brought even more friends, how nice. In fact, you are feeling great after what is no doubt a anti-hangover spell. You gather Starbutt up in a hug, patting her neck fondly for the nice spell she cast.You are Twilight, and how could it have failed?  Sun, moon, love, and friendship. How could seduction magic be stronger than them all? As the Dominus presses you against his firm chest, you feel the magic take hold. Then a light blue aura pries you from his arms."Unhoof her, you ruffian!"Good, yes, good thing Rarity stopped him. Rainbow scowls."That's it, plan A is a flop, I'm beating him up.""Wait, Rainbow, no!"It's too late. She launches backward into the air, then divebombs the waiting seduction monster. He dodges to the side and snags her by her chest. He spins a half-circle from the transfer of momentum, bringing Dash to rest at his side. Before you can do anything, he ruffles her mane and scratches her ear. You can't tear your eyes away from the pegasus's humiliation.Applejack charges in soon after, her head lowered for a headbutt that could no doubt crack ribs. The Dominus slides out of the bed and gets into a crouch. Right before Applejack would collide with him, he flips her over his back and snares her in a sheet. Her hat falls to the side and she looks at him with well founded dread. With unholy glee, he scratches her belly and fends off her weakly flailing hooves."Oooh, that looks fun!"Pinkie hops up to him and rubs her face against his shoulder. He immediately turns his attention to her and runs his hands all over her face and down her neck. Applejack and Rainbow make a few desultory moves to get away, but he makes sure to pat them before they do. How cunning, to use embarrassment and arousal to lock multiple ponies in relative immobility. You have to retreat.With the familiarity of long practice, you lock onto the sparks that are your friends and teleport to a vacant guestroom. Pinkie pouts."Aww, it was just getting good!"Rarity sighs long-sufferingly."Pinkie, dear, I fear you misunderstand the mission. We are to stop a seduction monster from taking over Equestria, not submit to an orgy."Pinkie Pie tilts her head."Really?"You clear your throat."Yes really. Now girls, we've determined a frontal assault won't work, nor the Elements of Harmony. Now, we need to come up with a plan, or else he will subdue us one by one. Any ideas, girls?"Fluttershy doesn't make eye contact with you, and kicks a hoof."What is it, Fluttershy?"She starts at the question, then hides behind her mane."Could we, um. Talk to him? Maybe of we ask nicely, he will only use his magic on lonely mares, or something."..."Fluttershy, he's a sex monster. You can't reason with things like that, you would just get scratched and rubbed relentlessly and feel his alien physiology prod against you, and..."Rarity is giving you an odd look."Darling, don't take this the wrong way, but have you, ah, imagined what it would be like to be taken by a Dominus, was it? Perhaps late at night, or in the shower?"Your eyes widen."How could you know? Has he affected you too?"Rarity bites her lip. Oh no, this is going to be bad news."Not as such. But let us just say, I recognize the signs. Don't you agree, Applejack?"For some reason the farmpony blushes."Ah'll leave it to you then. Ah'm gonna get mah hat."Nothing is making sense. Pinkie looks between the two, then starts giggling helplessly. Rainbow Dash frowns."What's going on?"Rarity glances at you apologetically."It would seem that Twilight finds the Dominus to be very...exciting. As such, he's almost exactly as dangerous as a large pet dog. Eager, yes, but only as truly dangerous as you let him."Rainbow sits down."Are you saying he's like an animal that's only being friendly when rubbing against you? How do you explain what happened to the princesses?"Rarity coughs politely."Animals also react to the signals you give them. The princesses must have been acting...receptive while he was showing affection."Fluttershy nodded knowingly."You have to have good self-control, if you don't want very special fuzzy friends. I think I will talk to him, he seems like such a nice critter."With that she trots off. "Wait, I don't think it's that simple, I mean he didn't even touch me before this morning, and I have been struggling against his influence since yesterday!"Pinkie Pie giggles."That's cause you think his baguette would be super nice in your oven!"...Rainbow nods slowly."That makes sense, I mean, I still feel nothing and he totally scratched my ear."Oh no. He's gotten to them too. You dare not bring anypony else into this, he'd just take them over. It's up to you to stop him from ruling Equestria with a soft, delicate claw.You are Applejack, and you don't like to think about the time when you first got Winona. Things just haven't been the same with Big Mac ever since then. He's your brother, and you love him, but some things a sister just isn't meant to see. 	Enough of that, you have a hat to get. The maids are helpful enough with directions, but you don't like the look they give you. Just 'cause a creature rutted the princesses senseless don't mean you are a hankerin' for a try. When you open the door, you see your hat. Unfortunately, the domiwhatsits is wearing it. You walk up to him."It'd be real kind of you ifn' you'd give me mah hat."You are Anon, and oh, you didn't see her there. Give her a what? You shrug.You are Applejack."Mah hat."He still looks confused. If he weren't so tall, you'd just take it and be done. Well, if words ain't doin' it. You point at the top of your head, then at  your hat, then at your chest.You are Anon, and oh, that's cute, she wants her head scratched. You smile and dig your fingers in her mane, gently scraping her scalp. Her breath hitches. Looks like you hit the right spot. You give her a few more moments of head scratching and then give her a final pat on the head. All the while, her eyes stay half-closed in relief. You are glad you could help.You are Applejack, and that's not what you meant at all! You swish your tail in frustration and-Well, you just have to get your hat back. He turns away, satisfied with mussing you up. You've seen that before. Suddenly you ain't feeling so kindly about everything. You get up on your hind legs and give him a nice, firm push. He manages to catch himself on his claws, so you don't feel so bad. You trot over and flip your hat back on your head."Pardon, but this belongs to me."He sits back, watching you warily, but he doesn't look mad. You tip your hat."Sorry about the fuss. Have a nice day, Sugarcube."You are Anon, and clearly, you have just been m'ladied by whatever the magic horse version of a neckbeard is. Warm hue privilege and that cowboy hat. She starts to walk away, and you have to admit that this...cowgirlhorse? has a nice rear. Probably a mayor or a sheriff, if you had to guess at her social status."Dat ass."That's the nice thing about language barriers; you can say inappropriate things and they are none the wiser.You are Applejack, and what was that? You turn to see him looking at you, biting his lip. No, not at you, but your...Can't be. You move your rear to the side. His eyes follow, and you see his mighty tree roughly hewn. Well, ain't that flatterin'...You move your rear to the other side.You are Anon, and sometimes, you can be pretty dense. She wasn't just asking for head scratches. Here she is, waving her butt at you. You suppose it's time for her to receive some real warm-hue privilege.You are Applejack, and you really shouldn't be teasing him like this. Even if it is nice to have somepony a'pining for your hindquarters. You turn back towards the door, and take a few steps. You hear him rise up behind you. Before you know it, he's grabbin' at your rear, makin' you tingle and shiver. You should buck him. Buck him hard.You are Anon, and damn, but this ass is firm. You can feel the flex of the muscles in her flanks as she shifts under your hands. You can't hold back any longer. You duck under her tail and lick her inner thigh.You are Applejack, and you were all set to let him have it, and now...You glance back at the claws still digging into your rump. You think you'll let him have it. Then his tongue reaches your marehood, and you push him down to the ground, sitting on his clever little face.You are Anon, and it looks like she likes it. You take your time, running your hands up and down her generous thighs. Your tongue slowly traces her flower, rewarded with shudders and increased flow. For some reason, she tastes like some sort of breakfast cereal. Hints of cinnamon. You delve a little deeper, and her thighs clench on your head.You are Applejack, and-Oh mercy. You clench your eyes shut as you make a right mess on his face. Even after the flood, you can't help but buck your hips against his face a few more times. You should stop. It ain't fair to take advantage of a simple creature this way. You try to get your hind hooves under you, but he's holding on too tight."It's alright, you don't have to do any more."His only response is to delve deep in your marehood with his tongue."Ffffffritters, that's good!"You collapse onto his belly, your strength stolen by the blinding pleasure of a firm muscle writhing inside you. You feel guilty, feeling this good. You are a bad mare. Something long and hard taps against your cheek. Maybe there is a way to make it up to him.You are Anon, and you wonder if magic horses are related to fainting goats. There seems to be a lot of muscle failure when certain areas are stimulated. It's kinda cute.Then your member is engulfed in a warm, wet mouth. You moan into Orange's pussy. At once, she sucks hard on you, and your face is bathed in marecum again.You are Applejack, and you might just try to get bestiality legalized. Having something make you feel this good shouldn't be illegal. You bob your head up and down his cock, savoring the velvety texture on your tongue. Then the door opens."Oh my. Um. Don't mind me."You let the stallionhood fall out of your mouth."H-hi Fluttershy..."You are Fluttershy, and oh dear, you seem to have walked in on Applejack just when she was making friends with the Dominus. Then your good friend just lets the penis fall out of her mouth. You're sorry, but that's rude."H-hi Fluttershy..."The big guy groans and Applejack's back arches as she does the honeybunny dance."Applejack, it's not nice to just drop it, even if you want to talk to somepony. Here, let me show you."You kiss the tip, then push it past your lips. You make your way down the delightful length, your tongue swirling around it. The big guy moans, and you are so happy you could make him feel nice. Then you look up at Applejack with pretend surprise."Mmhmm hm mh hmmm!"Then you slowly pull back, stroking the available length with the frog of your hoof. Finally, it's completely out of your mouth, and you keep stroking it with your hoof."'Oh, hi Applejack. Did you want something?' See? Now he's still happy, and you can talk at whoever is at the door."Applejack stares at you, her cheeks flushed from friend making."Ah reckon ah heard you answer the door like that a fair few times."You nod happily, glad to finally have somepony to talk to this about."Pretty clever, huh?"You are Applejack,and you are very firmly not thinking about all the animals that have been through that cottage. You know you ought to be disturbed, but it's pretty hard to focus while being pleasured. That might explain what you say next."Say, Fluttershy, why don't you take a turn on his thing? Ah'd do it, but ah'm a little stuck right now."She glances down at the erection under her hoof."Are you sure? It looked like you were having fun sucking in it."You pause as another orgasm wracks your body, and you let out a hoarse cry of pleasure. Once you get your breathing under control, you nod at her."Ah'm sure. Don't you want to make friends with him?"She nods happily."Oh yes, that would be wonderful. Well, here I go."Fluttershy crouches above the critter's crotch, carefully positioning herself."Hey there big guy, my name's Fluttershy, and I am very~ happy to meet you."You can't look away as the cock parts her pussylips and slides up inside her. Fluttershy lets out a delicate little sigh. Then she gets to work, grinding, rocking, and panting. She stares at you with half-lidded, grateful eyes."Oh yes, thank you Applejack."You stare at her open mouth. You are no Rainbow Dash, but Fluttershy is a model. Her slender neck. Her elegant mane. Her soft belly. Her hot breath washing against your face."Say, Fluttershy...""Yes?""Do you want to make friends...with me?"You know it's impossible.You're nothing but work calluses and hard muscle. A muddy brute."Oh, Applejack. We can build our friendship anytime."Then a soft pair of lips meets yours, and all your doubts fall away, followed by tears of joy.You are Anon, and quite frankly, you have no idea what is going on. You were getting a nice blowjob, then there was talking, then an even better blowjob with some hoof action. Then more talking, and you are 95% certain this is not a third, even more incredible blowjob. Then something wet drops onto your belly. Either saliva or tears. Either way, you switch from grasping this ass to stroking her back comfortingly. Your jaw is getting pretty tired, and your erection is getting quite the workout inside the nice horse. As you probe two sets of slippery folds, you reckon that both should give out at about the same time. Not a bad way to spend the morning.You are Fluttershy, and you feel sorry for poor Applejack. You just know she would be great in bed, but all the stallions in town just want to get under her hat. As you kiss her sweetly, you feel your heart grow warm. You two are going to be the best friends. You are going to get to know her inside and out. So, while you are riding the big guy's cock, your focus is on slipping your tongue past parched lips. Applejack moans into your mouth, shuddering as another orgasm courses through her. Delicious.Oh, and the critter is ready too. You break the kiss gently, pecking her lips one last time as an apology."It's okay, big guy. Let it all out into momma Fluttershy."You stroke his stomach softly as he heaves and bucks under you, thrusting as deep as he can. You close your eyes in satisfaction as his seed erupts inside you, spraying again and again and again. Such a nice present.You are Applejack, and you feel his hold slip from your legs, and you get to your hooves shakily. You feel about as strong and stable as a newborn calf. You stagger a few feet away and lay on your side. Fluttershy elegantly strides over and lays down in front of you, cum leaking from between her legs. How can she be so composed?"So you've done this before?"She smiles and nods."Fun, wasn't it?"You have to give her that, you haven't had that many orgasms in a row ever before."Ah can hardly believe it happened."Fluttershy reaches out and strokes your face. You blush at the bold contact."You'll find animals can be much more perceptive and persistent than ponies."What's that supposed to mean?"When we get back to Ponyville, why don't I introduce you to Mr. and Mrs. Raccoon? They have a nice little open marriage, and I think you would really like them."What did you just get yourself into?"Fluttershy, Ah wanted to spend more time with you. Ah'm sure they are very nice, but..."She slides her hoof down your neck, and you take a deep involuntary breath. She smiles gently."We can have our own time too, I just thought, since we both share this thing with animals..."She suddenly seems unsure of herself, and stops stroking you. To be honest, you do wonder what a raccoon would have to offer."Ah get it. Part of being friends with somepony is meeting their friends, right?"Fluttershy nods happily."Oh yes! And then afterward, I can lick the cum out of you, and we can take a long, hot bath, and I'm sure you'll love it!"That does sound nice"Speaking of licking the cum out..."You are Anon, and for some reason, the horses are now in lesbians with each other. Rather than being the third wheel, you wrap yourself in a white bed-sheet and stealth your way out of the room.You are Rarity, and the sad fact of your little group of friends is that for matters of a certain, ah, delicate quality, you are the only one with the necessary experience and insight. As such, you approached Princess Celestia for her version of the events....You are compelled to admire her descriptiveness, and willingness to speak of such...things."-surprisingly obedient too. Although, I suppose certain incentives help."You cough politely. "Indeed. You mentioned a list of words he knows?"Celestia levitates a scroll to you."We hope to add more to his vocabulary, but we have so little time. Twilight would be the best teacher, but..."You nod."She is rather out of sorts as of now."An aide draws up to the Princess and whispers in her ear. She smiles and dismisses him."Rainbow Dash, would you mind retrieving Anom? The guards in the east wing would direct him towards here, but he's having too much fun sneaking around."Dash salutes and zips off.You are Anon, and the first time, it was just to see if you could. Now, though, you have to see how far you can go. You press your back against the corner and throw a pebble to the other side of the hallway. The sentry's ears perk up and he walks from his post to investigate. You slip around the corner, and into a nearby door. It's an empty ballroom, with a servant washing a window in the corner. You really should tell the Buttarchs how terrible their security is. You creep along the wall until you reach the far door. You peek into the hallway. Nothing . You vaguely hope you find a cardboard box.You are Rainbow Dash!  You're on a rescue mission, and- Oh, there he is. You just watch as he steps over a rigid guard. Anom has some long legs. He crouches low and hugs the wall. Then he sees you watching him. This mission is lame. Apparently, he thinks so too. He sighs and straightens up as you approach."Hey, uh, food this way."Anom brightens up at that. You wave to the nice guard, and start trotting away. Anom follows....This is boring. You find your eyes wandering. All those pert rumps at attention."What wrong?"You turn to meet the guy's concerned stare. You grin a little."Asses."The princess did say they wanted to teach him more words."Kassest?"You shake your head and lead him over to a grey lady guard. You point at her rear."Ass."Anom rocks back with sudden understanding."Ass."The guard struggles to keep her face straight. You set your butt right next to hers, flanks just barely brushing."Asses."He stares, transfixed."Ass...es."You wink at the lady guard, who blushes lightly. You'll have to come back here later. You set off again, a new game in mind. Anom catches up slowly. The next guard you see, you point at."Good ass?"Anom tilts his head, then shakes it."Sh-talone ass. No good me."Can't blame him.You are Anon, and you are feeling pretty thick right now and not just because of Bluebird's visual aid for 'asses'. You thought you were learning the language of the magic horses. In fact, you are merely getting acclimated to heavily horse-accented English. You follow Bluebird in a daze, tersely appreciating the rears along the way.You are Celestia."Good morning, Luna."She nods in acknowledgement, then picks at the food in her bowl. Strange."Is something the matter?"Luna smirks."Today, I shall achieve the first in what is sure to be a long series of victories."...Perhaps you should talk about something else."So, I see you have cheese sauce on your noodles. Is it good?"Luna stares intently at the dining hall doors."It will be."As if on cue, Rainbow Dash and Anom walk in. The fast little pony approaches you and salutes."Princess Celestia, Anom is retrieved."He nods at you amicably."Prince ass Celestia."Everypony stops what they are doing. Rainbow coughs, and taps him on the arm."No, it's Princess."You are Anon, and of course, the only thing that would change much would be proper nouns and titles. You know you recognize the last part of Shewestia's title. Maybe you were too hard on the consonants of the first part? You try again.You are Celestia, and you are trying very hard to keep a straight face."Finest ass Celestia."The tension in the air is palpable. Poor Rarity faints. Rainbow Dash is trying very hard to disappear. You can see the serving staff admire Anom's audacity."I like it. Breakfast, Anom?"The room is filled with talking as the nobles try to figure out exactly who and in what context it is allowed to address you as "finest ass". The answer, of course, is that if you have to think about it, you can't use that form of address. Meanwhile, Anom picks up a plate and serves himself from a few of the platters of food. He freezes when he sees Luna's meal."M-mac and che-heese!"Luna is very smug. You smile at your sister's thoughtfulness."Ah, a dish from his homeland. Did you happen to make extra?"Luna takes a bite."No, it completely slipped my mind."Oh dear, it seems Anom is angry. Now, what would he understand?"No mad, Anom. Memac and Chi Heez lunch."Anom calms at that, even as Luna pouts. He nods at you."Thank you."Then he nods curtly to Luna."Finest ass Luna."Her face turns bright red."Y-you too."Anom looks around, then settles down to eat in the spot by the comatose Rarity. All in all, a good morning.You are Rarity, and after spending a socially acceptable amount of time pretending to be stricken by sudden impropriety, you resume your breakfast. It would seem you have a new neighbor. Out of habit, you turn a measuring eye on his form. It's not terrible accurate way of getting his proportions, but it's enough to sketch out a few potential styles. Hmmm. A bit leaner around the chest than a minotaur, what could you do with that..."Help you?"You meet his gaze, mildly embarrassed to have been caught. "Ah haha, yes, ah, after breakfast, teach you things?"You wish you had taken a longer look at that list of words. Anom narrows his eyes for a moment, then nods decisively. Oh good, he understood. You smile, then turn to eat a bite of food. However, you can only stand the silence for so long before your social instincts take over."So...that sheet, are you evoking ancient Roam?"You are Anon, and you know you just sorta threw this on, but you still feel it's a bit strong to call it shit. It is Shewestia's sheet after all. Then she asks if you are fucking the ancient bone. Clearly you are dealing with a very base and vulgar horse. Even if she is Shewestia's friend, you feel you ought to defend Whiterump's honor.You are Rarity, hoping that at least some of that got through."She very fine, words much resplegd, elephant and sogged."Ah, he seems to know equestrian history, interesting."Yes, it really is too bad how the elephants invaded and sacked Roam. Is this an attempt to bring back the old fashions? I am a clothing designer of some talent, perhaps you could use my services?"You are Anon, and okay, you did not catch most of that. Something about bringing back old passions? She did say she is a glowing reminder of some talent, and...Offered the use of her cervix? Ah, of course, it all makes sense now. She is Shewestia's most favored pet, and thus gets to play with the others. How typical of the bootystocracy, to sate the desires of favored pets with even more pets. You doubt the efficiency of such a society, but the appeal is undeniable.You are Rarity, and he's been silent for a little while now, staring at you with calculating eyes. Perhaps it was a bit brash, offering to make clothes for him so soon. He hasn't even seen much of your work, just what you have on right now."Breakfast done, teach me?"You look down and yes, his plate is clear. He made a good choice; it would be better to get the embarrassing part done first, then discuss business. You wipe your lips daintily then rise to your hooves."This way, please."You are Anon, and you figure you should let her take the lead. She did say she had something to teach you. She leads you to a room with reams of paper, bolts of cloth, and...Horse mannequins? She must really not like that toga. The door locks behind you....You are Rarity, and this discussion will be rather indecorous, best to avoid unwelcome intrusions. You tap yourself."Friend."Then you tap a ponyquin."Friend."You bump your shoulder against it. Anom watches, visibly confused. You walk over to another ponyquin."L-lover."You pet its neck."Lover."You give it a hug."Lover."You find your face heating up as you demonstrate such lewd things. You rub the ponyquin's belly."Lover."You crawl under the legs and rock back and forth a few times."Lover. Understand?"You are Anon, and you now realize you are a molester. The Favored Pet may or may not have a mannequin fetish, but it is clear that you have been...Groping magic horses. You sit down heavily, weighed down by the revelation.You are Rarity, and you can't help but feel sorry for the poor thing. He rubs his face."I...did wrong."You walk over and bump gently against his shoulder."Now you learn, we no mad."He smiles at that, then his face falls."Sorry to purple..."You unlock the door."Come, say sorry, she understand."Anom rises, a determined look on his face."This way."You set off towards the library.You are Anon, and you admit, your first impression was flawed. The Favored Pet might not be the classiest horse, but she's a good bro."Good ass, you."Whahahahat? You mean, you try, and-It's nice to be noticed,It's just nopony has ever said such a thing to you....You take an indiscreet peek at his hindquarters....Good to know.You face forward, willing the blush from your cheeks to go away."Good ass Anom too."You can't believe you said that.You are Anon, and wait, so are you of the same social rank? Or is it just a reciprocated compliment? Eh, whatever, it's good.You are Rarity, and this has all gone surprisingly quickly and smoothly, no doubt thanks to the efforts of a certain beautiful and competent mare."Halt, foul tempte- Rarity?"It was going smoothly. Twilight stumbles back, trying to rein in a swirling blob of dark purple magic on the tip of her horn. In the blink of an eye, it expands into a smokey bubble around Anom and Twilight. Little lights flare on its surface as dust motes hit the forcefield trap. And it was going so well, too."Please tell me this is reversible, Twilight."..."Not from the inside.""Darling, you really must be more careful. Now play nice until I return with the princesses. We'll have you out in no time at all, don't you fret."You are Twilight Sparkle, and the bubble is dim, lit only by where your bodies come in contact with the barrier. The lighting would be romantic, if the other pony wasn't a dangerous, deceptive, well-muscled, exotic, and hypnotic monster. You can feel your will to resist crumbling."Stay away from me!"He doesn't even have the decency to get it over with. He just sits there, his face mockingly morose."Sorry, not be lover, be friend?"What.He turns to his side and offers his shoulder. You can't believe this. Even as you helplessly slide down the curved wall of the bubble, your outrage grows."You-you rutted Celestia, then Luna, and I don't even want to know what you did to my brother, and you turned all of my friends against me and probably rutted them too!"You come to a stop a mere hair's breadth from him."Sorry, not know, uh,"He pats his head."For lovers."..."No."He tilts his head."You don't get to do this."You're finally saying it."You don't get to babble NONSENSE at me for a month, then m-a-g-i-c-a-l-l-y start speaking Equestrian when you get sex!"Your fury builds, all the frustration, all the nonscientific interference, your great work let to wander like some promiscuous hobo."You don't get to rut everyone I love and FRIENDZONE ME!"You are Anon, and okay, Purple is clearly angry, probably because you fucked and groped, well,Everyone, more or less."What you want me do?"She rises up on her hind legs."Take me."She can't mean-This whole time, this is what she wanted? You have to have heard her wrong.You are Twilight Sparkle, and you are so tired of being the odd one out. Of being stressed and working so hard while everypony else doesn't see the problem. For once, let somepony else fix this. You wait for your release, when he will finally remove all the worries from your mind. He just stares at you, no hint of desire in his features. Why?Why can't he just rut you and make you like him, and make everything okay even if it isn't? You earned this. You deserve this. You are going to get it no matter what.You are Anon, and you stil aren't sure what you are supposed to do. Purple growls at your hesitation. She sets her hooves on your shoulders and shoves you onto your back. Oh shit.You are Twilight Sparkle, and this is better. You sniff at the base of his throat, exulting in his sweat and fear. Your horn flares with magic and his loose robe shreds into hundreds of small squares. The Dominus lies frozen beneath you, his stallionhood limp and afraid. You run a hoof up his chest and cup his cheek with it."You may control the others, but now I control you."You spare a smidgen of magic to stimulating his penis, and the rest to holding him loosely against the bottom of the bubble. His breath comes out uneven, your spellwork already getting good results. It's so exhilarating, finally doing all those things you read about! You remove your hoof from his cheek and gently stroke his hair. Is this what it feels like for everypony? He just looks at you with scared eyes, and-Somehow, you aren't satisfied. You lean down and press your lips to his. It's...nice? You don't see what the fuss is about. Maybe belly rubs will be better.You are Anon, and it occurs to you that you are being sort of raped by a kissless virgin. Technically not kissless anymore, you guess. Should you be doing something? She draws back and sets her hooves on your belly. Wait.She vigorously rubs them back and forth, pressing too hard."OUCH! FUCK!"She stumbles back in surprise.You are Twilight Sparkle, and there is literal blood on your hooves. It's hard to tell by the dim light, but you hope those are only light scratches on his stomach. This isn't what you wanted. Your stomach churns. You are a bad pony. The domin- the anomaly sits up with a wince. He feels at his tummy, and grimaces when he sees the blood on his claws. Oh no.Is he going to attack you? Or is he going to fear you? You aren't really sure which would be worse.You are Anon, and the scratches are pretty shallow, but they sting. Aaannd it looks like Starbutt is back to being a skittish horse. You sigh. She just had to tear the sheet into unusable scraps. Still, you figure this is the best chance you're going to get for some sort of reconciliation. You beckon to her."Come to me."You are Twilight Sparkle, and what should you do? He looks...Tired. Maybe it's okay? You step cautiously towards him. When you come within arms reach, he slowly encircles his arms around you. What?He presses your head to his shoulder and pats your shoulder with his other hand. You are getting incredibly mixed signals, but...It feels nice. You relax, taking some measure of comfort from his firm support. Before you know it, you are wrapping your forelegs around his torso and sitting in his lap. There's an odd lump pressing against one of your hindquarters, and it's gro-Oh. You look at his face. The anomaly is blushing, and not meeting your gaze. Maybe if you just...You shift slightly and oooooohhhhh yessssssss. You rock your hips involuntarily, the stimulation of a rod pressing between your buttcheeks nearly taking your breath away. You are so close, in a number of ways, but first you have to make sure."Am I raping you?"You are Anon, and that's a hell of a question, Purple. Still, you do feel sorry for her. And you are hotdogging her butt."No."Now let's show this girl how it's done.You are Twilight Sparkle, holding your breath. He kisses you, his mouth moving in all sorts of ways against yours. Sometimes you can feel the pressure of his teeth on your lip. Your hooves clasp him ever tighter to you. Your breath is hot and fast. Then something warm and wet and firm pushes past your lips, and your mind melts.You are Anon, and did she-She actually came from just getting a little tongue. Damn, girl. You stroke her back, and she wriggles against you, her grip tightening around you. Cute. Then everything gets brighter, and you freeze.You are Twilight Sparkle, and why'd he stop? You deepen the kiss as much as you can, exulting in the novel sensation. You rub his back, trying to get some response. Finally you pull back and open your eyes."What's wro-"Oh.Celestia chuckles."I'm glad you two are getting along now."You turn beet red. You try to get out of the anomaly's lap, but-Oh, his penis just drags against your marehood. Finally, you scoot backwards, shuddering at the pleasure, cringing at how embarrassing it is to have Celestia watch. Then you notice everypony else.Cadence.Shining Armor.Rarity.Oh no.Shining Armor won't meet your eyes.Cadence murmurs, "Like brother, like sister."Rarity smiles at you."Well done, darling. I knew you would figure it out eventually.""I, uh, "You look at the creature. He just smiles and shrugs. This is too much. You turn to your teacher."I'll write a report, okay bye!"	You teleport to your room.You are Cadance, and you have to say,"Celestia, I would like a copy of that friendship report when you get it. It looks to be very interesting."She smiles."Of course."You sigh. As nice as all this has been,"I'm afraid we really must return to the Crystal Empire. Until next time, Celestia, Rarity, Anom."Shining hesitates, then glances at you. You nod. He turns to Anom."A-Anom, feel free to visit any time you like."You are Anon, and did he just say you could feel him any time?"Uh, thank you."He smiles, then teleports away with Kay Dense. Okay then. You get to your feet, wincing at the pain from your scratches. Favored pet immediately starts fussing over you, dabbing at the blood with levitating scraps of sheet."No, I good, very."She just rolls her eyes at you and continues to tend to your scratches. Shewestia seems rather amused by all this. Then you notice Favored Pet isn't completely focused on your wounds. You wiggle your hips and watch her eyes track your erection."See good thing?"She blushes and stammers incoherently for a few seconds before saying something you can understand."Ah, you good now. Not heut?"So she has a demure side, despite being Shewestia's number one sex partner. That's adorable."I good."Shewestia chuckles, then murmurs something to her favored pet. The unicorn glances at you, then bows her head in acceptance. Shewestia walks away, and blue eyes white horse nods her head in a different direction."Teach you more."Sounds good."Yes."You walk beside her for a bit before you realize something."My name Anom. Your name?"She seems a bit startled by the question, but responds succinctly."My name Rarity. Good to meeth you."What? Oh. Polite too, you're starting to like this horse."Good to meet you too."~"Dear Princess CelestiaToday I learned that it can be difficult separating personal feelings from scientific study. You can spend too much time trying to control and understand something, and miss making a new and interesting friend with soft claws, a skillful tongue, and an impossible erection. Ultimately, forgiveness and good communication will do a lot to make out up for a long lost time.Your faithful student,Twilight Sparkle"~You are Rarity, and you are looking over the list, trying to decide what words he should learn next."Ah,"You look up."Yes?"Anom seems to be concentrating very hard."We don'd sbeak differend languageth. Jusk accends of the zame language.""W-what?"He frowns"Same words. Mouth shape change sound."That...You look at the list. He has been using words not on the list."Do you...understand everything I say?"He pauses, then shakes his head."Words we puhractice, or if you say slowry. Hothers harder."You get the feeling there are greater implications than just learning to communicate quicker."So, ah,"	He stares at you like a lump of unshaped clay."I shall teach you everything you need!""Thank you?"You are Twilight Sparkle, and you feel obligated, after all that has happened, to teach Anom the most important thing ever. After wandering around the palace for a little while, you find him in the hooves of another mare."Let's take a break, darling. Twilight, how can I help you?"You glance at the sweaty, naked anomaly, then shift your load of scrolls slightly."I was rather hoping to help Anom, as an apology for...things."Rarity smiles."Ah! Well, don't let me stop you, darling."You hesitate."What were you doing just now?"Your friend's eyes glitter with excitement."Did you know, they have ballroom dancing where he's from? He's not terribly good at it yet, but I have hopes of having him society presentable in a year or two."..."Oh, haha, dancing, of course."Rarity looks at you with wry amusement, but says nothing."I mean, not that I thought- Anyways, I thought I would teach him to read."You levitate a table from over by the wall to the center of the room. You spread out your burden of scrolls, quills, and ink. Rarity looks on with mild interest."I wonder if he'll recognize the letters."..."I would be surprised if he did...""Ah, I forgot to tell you. He already knows Equestrian, it's just that his accent is simply atrocious."..."But it helps him if you talk slowly. Otherwise his mind is overwhelmed by the smoothness and grace of the true dialect.""That... makes no sense at all. He is an alien, there is no reason why his language should be at all similar to ours!"Rarity shrugs."That would depend on where he comes from. Now, Anom, would you care to join us?"You are Anon, and you have completely lost track of what they were saying.  Purple unrolls a scroll in front of you."Hiss his He alphabet. Do you Lecognize hit?"	There's about 50 symbols. Crap, this is going to take a while. Still, you feel obligated to defend your world.You are Twilight, and you are having a hard time believing what Rarity said."No, my alvabet has dwendy siggs ledders."Wow, that is an unfortunate accent. You are torn between wanting to teach him how to read and learning more about his world. Though if were able to write down what he knows..."This is 'ah'. Here's how you write it."You are Chrysalis, Queen of the changelings, the once most powerful being in Equestria for a few hours. You are still feeding your hive with the love energy you got from that little fiasco, but it can't last forever. As if by fate, you sensed a nexus begin to develop in Canterlot. You will be much more careful this time, observing your target for a long time before taking its place. You slip into the palace on a moonless night and follow the slowly building mass of energy. You track it down to...You stare at the strange creature. What is it even supposed to be? It's like you took a minotaur and removed its cow-ness. Still, it seems to be the hub of a lot of budding relationships, so you lick its cheek for a samp-Whoa, wha-Aaagh!You fall back, your tongue roiling uncontrollably at the bitter taste. You feel the transformation overtake you, your body desperately trying to adapt to the poisonous essence of the monster you just licked. You lay on the ground, shuddering as your body's mass flows into an utterly alien form. When at last it stops and you can move again, you flee. You have to get away from that...thing.You scramble through shadowed halls on all fours, some strange weight swaying on your chest. Your limbs are all the wrong sizes too, but you finally make it out into open."Halt! Who goes there?"Oh no. Two pegasus guards approach with lanterns. One tilts his head."Hey, it's like the Princess's pet. Do you think it'll..."The other shakes his head."Not for us to find out. Come on, let's put it in the old enclosure and their majesties can deal with it in the morning."This is bad, it seems you are trapped in the form of an exotic slave race bred for the use of royals. Worse, you have no chance of escaping now, this body is too awkward to move at all quickly. The second guard beckons to you."Come on, we have a nice place for you. Uh, food this way?"You have to play along for now. Maybe by morning the toxin will be gone from your system.You are Anon, eating oddly sweet biscuits and gravy. Apparently Wuna thought it would be funny if she switched the salt in your shaker for sugar. It's actually not...bad, you wouldn't recommend it, but you won't spit it out either. So you just eat your breakfast with a straight face, and Wuna stabs her food a little too hard. A guard whispers in Shewestia's ear. She looks startled for once, then turns to you."Would you ike to meet thomepony ike you?"Consider your interest piqued."Sure. Who is the pony?""Hit's mot hexactly ha pony..."You are Chrysalis, and what wouldn't you give for wings right now. On the upside, you did get food eventually. The pony who brought it stared at your chest lumps, not that you can blame her. What an odd placement for teats, and so prominent too. You try to ignore them as you wait for somepony to deal with you....You jostle one to pass the time.You are Anon, and ah, the old courtyard, how nostalg-There is a naked blonde woman playing with her tits. Shewestia tilts her head."Do you think thee'd let me play with them too?"You choke. "Gah, ah, um. Wow, I have no idea. Let me talk to her, and could I get two sheets?"Shewestia looks mildly confused."You gan talk to her, but do you really meed two pieces hof poop?""Two sheets. Um, bed cover, not blanket.""Hoh, right, ha moment please."You are Chrysalis, and oh no, here come the creature, clad in a sheet for some reason. He smiles at you."Gehrro, hwut yiu wreik a zchiet?"You smile in non-comprehension. Crap, he has his own language. Um. You point at your throat and shake your head. His eyes widen. He quickly closes the distance between you and wraps the sheet around you, tucking it tightly behind you back. As you stand frozen in fear, he pulls back and squats on the ground. You feel funny wearing something over your chest lumps, but he isn't attacking you, so there's that.You look down at what he's doing. It seems he's scratching symbols in the dirt.  With the last one, he looks up at you questioningly. You don't recognize anything, so you shrug. You're going to have to walk a thin line between vague and obedient until his toxic essence is cleansed from your body.You are Anon, and this is terrible. Not only is the only other human mute, she's also foreign. Guessing by her hair and eye color, you guess Swedish or German. You can see a bit of fear behind those bright blue eyes. This must be a lot to get used to. Aaaannd you and the horses are going to have to teach her horsish English. Great. You beckon her to follow you. Shewestia looks on in interest as the two of you approach."How his thee?"You grimace."She's mute and from a different country. We don't speak the same language."Her Royal Majassty nods solemnly."Thee his cute, ha thame habout the language. Hi have to return to my duties, will you help her haround?""Will do."Speaking of language, you aren't sure you'll ever get used to that accent. Perhaps with time.	You are Chrysalis, and it seems Celestia's sex slave is free to roam. He leads you through the familiar halls of the palace to a little study. Little Twilight looks up at the intrusion, jealously seeping into her heart."Wha-who is your, ah, friend, Anom?"He turns to you, uncertain."We don't reawy gnow her name, she can't speak and doesn't understand Engwish. I was thinging, if we teag her whore's language and writing, at weast she coud gommunicate that way."Rude. Twilight thinks so too."For the last time, it is Equestrian, not whoresish.""And I disagwee that it is the best one. But that doesn't mattew, wet's just teach it to her."After a few hours of pretending to be clueless, you are exhausted. Twilight is just too persistent, and whenever you got frustrated, this Anom would either hold your claw, or pat your shoulder. He's not even your coltfriend, and you are the Queen of the Changelings, you don't need a coltfriend.At all. Even though he held your claw on the way to the dining hall. And for some reason, he really likes cheese sauce on noodles. You aren't particularly happy to be in such a crowded room in a disguise you can't shed. You try your own bowl of noodles. Nothing special, really. Anom notices your low appetite."You good?"You nod your head shyly. You feel his attraction grow. It's a trickle, but you sip at his affection and ease your true hunger. He chuckles."I'm a wittle ungomfortabuw here too. Um. Want to go other place?"That would be good. You nod eagerly. Anom gives your claw a squeeze and leads you away.You are Twilight Sparkle, and,"You wanted to see me, Celestia?"She sets aside a scroll."Yes, thank you for coming. Anom and the new one, how do you think they are doing?"You sigh."They're doing alright. It's slow going with the female anomaly, but she has excellent pronunciation once she does learn a word."Celestia nods."Good, good. But how do you think they are getting along?"Celestia's expression is oddly...detached."Good? She follows him around a lot and is kind of shy..."Celestia smiles."That is good to hear. We should encourage that, it would be a shame if the only two creatures of their kind died without posterity."..."You want me to...help them pair up?"You don't like this feeling. Your teacher senses that in her eternal wisdom."Twilight, one of the things you learn as an alicorn, is that you might not get the mates you want. If another mare or stallion captures their attention, we must withdraw. It can be heartbreaking, but it is better for ponies to live with those of the same lifespan."No, that's too sad!"Surely, if you really like a stallion..."Celestia solemnly shakes her head."You may share a number of happy years, but ultimately it is better to let them go if they are blown by the winds of fate. There is a comfort; you can watch over their foals, and perhaps one will grow to have the qualities you once so desired."Wait."You've dated the foals of your crushes?"Celestia raises an eyebrow."Not all of them, and when I do, the foal is a fully grown pony. I actually had my eye on your brother for a while, but Cadence snapped him up pretty quick."You feel a little queasy for multiple reasons."Will Cadence...let him go too?"The Princess of the Sun sighs."Probably not. They are married, and Cadence is a young alicorn. It is all too likely that she will live to see him grow old and die while she stays young and beautiful."Perhaps he will become an alicorn by then...but considering the only ones in existence are all mares, his chances aren't too good."So, we are going to play matchmaker for the anomalies."Celestia's smile is, as always, kind."Indeed. If it's any comfort, you can have first dibs on their offspring.""That's n-"You sigh."Thank you, Celestia. I'll...I'll see what I can do."You are Chrysalis, and as you near the top of the tower's staircase, your body is uncomfortable sweaty. You suppose that is what happens when you can't radiate body heat from wing membranes. You can feel a light breeze flow by, carrying the beguilingly earthy scent of the creature. He waits just around the bend, breathing heavily, a grin on his face. You wonder where he is leading you.More lessons? To show you some secret? To...Hold your hoof? Claw? Anom lifts the bar to a set of wide double doors. Sunlight and a brisk wind assault your eyes and tug at your sheet. When your eyes adjust, Anom is already gingerly laying down on the hot stones of the balcony. He lets out an extended sigh as he lays prone on his back."Is gooooood."You skip lightly across the balcony into the shade of the low guardrail. You rest your back against the low stone barrier and sit in the shade. The constant breeze is cool, but the sun's heat more than makes up for it. In fact,You loosen the sheet from around you and let it flap in the wind, pinned by your weight. You are already feeling dryer and increasingly content. There's some movement in your peripheral vision. You glance just in time to see Anom lower his head back down. Whatever.It's funny; you were afraid of being discovered, attacked, and/or ravaged. However, it seems that much like other animals of intelligence, whatever Anom is, the females are the dominant sex. Between that and your feigned language barrier, you are in almost no danger. You gaze out towards the Everfree Forest, where you left your hive to forage on the outskirts.You may very well be safer than they are. You turn your gaze back to the balcony and-Huh, something is wrong with his sheet. Something is poking up from his wai-By the barren wastes, that's a boner. Ew ew ew. Okay, just be calm and deal with this like a dominant female.You are Anon, and you thought it would be a nice place to take a nap. It still is, but there is no way you can fall asleep when there's a naked woman a few feet away. Just gotta play it cool. Unfortunately, your boner is not so discreet. You hear movement."Bad!"You open your eyes.She stands naked at your feet, an accusing finger pointed at your crotch."Bad thing!"Rude."Maybe if you put some clothes on..."You sit up, trying to figure out what you can do to hide a boner when you are basically in a toga. She backs up a step . Hm, you need to use simpler words."Not bad, I good."Nice try, but you know a boner when you see one."No! No in me. Stop bad thing."You are Anon, and Oh. She's a lesbian. Or...she's not interested. Either way, you should probably tuck it away somehow. Maybe if you wrapped the sheet around your waist, you could...You slip the sheet off your shoulder."No!"She runs past you and down the stairs. Welp. You fold your sheet in half and make it into a skirt of sorts, with your boner tucked horizontally. You should probably grab her sheet, or- It flutters away in the wind. Or not.You are Chrysalis, and that was a close call. You need to find some protection, or-Twilight Sparkle walks around the corner of the hall. Footsteps echo down the stairs behind you. You dash forward and grab Twilight below her forelimbs. She squeaks, especially as you swing around to keep her between you and Anom.“I-I’m flattered, but I’m not into-“You shift her around so her belly faces the stairs. Anom comes into view and tilts his head.“Wha-“	“In her, not me!”What delicious revenge, to sacrifice the meddling foal to sate Anom’s terrible appetite. Your victim squirms a little in your grip.“If it’s to stop a rape…”You are Anon, and what?“I, no in, no one.”You are Chrysalis, and by the infinite dust, he wants both of you. You approach slowly, then toss Twilight at him and run.You are Twilight Sparkle, and you know your duty. Anom tries to set you aside, but your magic is stronger. You pin him to the wall with your magic.“I wasn’t drying to rabe her!”That’s just what a rapist would say.“Don’t worry, I’m here. I can take it for her.”You unfasten his sheet. It’s hard to turn your back on the criminal erection, but it’s necessary. Your magic wavers a bit as you back up.“You don’t need to-“You feel a prodding between your flanks, perhaps a bit h-iiiiggghhhh~Oh, you feel funny. A little too dry though.“Wrong one, sorry.”You reposition and…You are Chrysalis, and you never thought you would see the day when you would want Celestia to protect you, but nothing has been quite right this past day or so. You rush past a mildly alarmed secretary and burst into the High Office. Celestia turns from the large map on the wall.“Yes?”How do you say this?“Anom, no want in me!”At once she becomes very sympathetic.“That is too bad. You are a very beautiful…being, and any stallion would be lucky to have you.”What?  You mean, yeah, you have always known you were too beautiful, but this time that isn’t working out in your favor.“No, Anom, he come, I no want.”You should have pretended to learn more words.“Oh, you don’t want to get pregnant. Well, let’s go talk to Anom, I’m sure he’ll understand if we explain things slowly enough.”She walks out the door, and you follow helplessly behind. Maybe she’s right. At the very least, you can offer her to him and escape.You are Anon, and you have no idea where the woman has gone. Twilight was very…effective at delaying you, so you just have to wander around and hope you get lucky, in a different sense. You attract some glances from passing officials, but you get the feeling you aren’t the first non-horse to garner royal attention. Hmmm.Are your eyes playing tricks on you, or is it darker in this wing? You round the corner and bump into something soft. Wuna brays in surprise, looking reproachfully over her shoulder. Then she stops, and slowly strafes her behind away from you.“Good afternoon, Finest Ass Wuna.”She looks away, her cheeks reddening.“Th-that won’t work. Hi’m honto your cumming plan.”Cumming plan? If the lady horses scheduled out your sex life, you would really like a copy, or at least some prior notice. At any rate, maybe that was too formal.“Sorry. How about, nice to see your plump ass. It is very regal.”Wuna stares at you with wide eyes. Too formal? Too familiar? You’re never going to get the hang of the Mixalotian caste system.“Th-that- I-“Maybe it would be best if you skipped the pleasantries. Wait, what were you even talking about? Oh yes, your sex schedule.“So, could you tell me more about this cumming plan? Or at least when you wanted to have sex with me?”You are Luna, and of all the audacious, rude, vulgar, Presumptuous,“Still your tongue! Do not think be like my sister, pliant, large, fat, lustful, gluttonous, given to dalliances…”Where were you going with this? Oh yes.“I am not desirous of debasing myself again! We are at war, you and I, and I will see you beg for mercy!”He stands there agape. Satisfied with your victory, you turn and strut away.You are Anon, and angry horses are really hard to understand. Something about her sister and daily allowances? Then it sort of devolved into snarling and spitting, something about deep glazing and… egg of mushy? Sounds like someone didn’t get their way when your sexy times were being scheduled out. You should probably talk to Shewestia about this, she’ll know what’s going on. You set out in the opposite direction of Wuna, and are satisfied to note the walls getting noticeably brighter.You are Celestia, and you wonder why Chrysalis is keeping up the charade. Near as you can tell, she’s getting almost nothing from Anom. Nor is she seducing any of the guards or any other pony. At any rate, you’ll keep an eye on the empathic wards Cadence set up. Ah, there is Anom.“Anom, could we talk?”He looks relieved to see you and Chrysalis.“Yes, good.”You lead him into a small parlor and lock the door. Chrysalis sits as far from him as possible, her gaze switching between his face and his flaccid member. Anom sits on a nearby cushion, and you clear your throat.“Anom, she has approached me to tell you that she doesn’t want to get pregnant.”His brow furrows“O-gay then. I mean, I got the feeling she wasn’t interested anyhow.”That was easy.You are Chrysalis, and he may say that now, but you know the long, hard truth!“He had a boner!”There is no way he is just giving up. Celestia looks amused.“Tell me, Anom, are boners dangerous among…creatures like you?”His stare is cold, yet hungry.“No, finest ass. And we are called hiyumins.” He lies. You are a predator yourself, you know exactly what it’s like when the breeding urges arise. How sweet it is to slip into a relationship and steal the love of the unwitting spouse. You aren’t sure what Anom’s urges are telling him to do, but his boner is similar enough to pony reproduction that you have a good idea.“Don’t believe him! He will stop at nothing, it is his nature!”Celestia doesn’t look at you, but you see a smug smile on her face. That…is unlike her. Anom raises his claws, eager for your flesh.“We didn’t teach you some of those words.”Celestia looks at you now, still smiling.Suddenly you feel very alone.“So you noticed something is off about her. Tell me, Anom, has she told you her name?”You are Anon, and something is definitely going on here.“No?”Shewestia’s horn glows, and she points dramatically.“Her name his Chrysalis!”…“Hi Chrysalis. Nice to meet you.”Chrysalis looks incredibly nervous. Shewestia’s dramatically pointing hoof wavers a bit.“Was something supposed to happen?”“She’s supposed to turn hinto her real form and fight me.”Chrysalis backs up into a corner.“That doesn’t seem to be happening.”Shewestia lowers her hoof.“Chrysalis, the masquerade is over. Reveal yourself and wager your power against mine.”…	Chrysalis whispers, “Hi can’t.”Whiterump sits down slowly.“Truly?”Chrysalis starts to cry.“Hi can’t! Your monster poisoned me!”Who is she talking about? The Finest Ass looks at you doubtfully.“Did you poison her somehow?”Wait. What?“What? No, seriously, what? We eat normal food. Do you even have poison here?”Chrysalis glares at you.“Your skin! Your skin his poison!”…“That doesn’t make sense. I mean, it’s okay if you like me, plenty of horses like me. No need to get melodramatic about it.”You are Celestia, and things are beginning to become clear. But you really cannot let this one pass.“Am I among the whoreses who like you?”Anom looks at you with a grin.“Finest Ass Celestia, as befitting your position, you are the best whores who likes me. I understand you also dominate my sex schedule, so I look forward to our time together.”Sex schedule? He has organized taking time with different mares to that degree? In retrospect, having Twilight teach him might have been a bad idea. Still,“I would prefer if you wouldn’t call me a whores. Mistress would be better, or Auntie if you are being familiar.”“Okay, uh, Mistress.”Oh, that is much better. Now, what were you talking about? Oh yes, poison skin.“Chrysalis, you have attempted to overthrow Equestria, and your recent actions speak of similar intent. As such, I would be fully justified in having you executed.”She looks at you apprehensively.“But that’s not my punishment. What is?”You give her a grave nod.“You may have noticed a new creature in Equestria. It would be a shame if his species died with him.”Anom takes a step back.“Whoa, I don’t know how I feel about…”Chrysalis looks a little noxious.“I’m to be his broodmare?”You sigh. It is unfortunate, but you have set up similar matches in the past to good effect.“I will not force this. However, I must insist that you lick him every day, and accompany him for at least four hours each day.”You are Anon, and well, today has certainly taken a turn for the messed up. Still, you suppose it is your duty as a pet to obey Shewestia’s orders.“I understand. Chrysalis, I promise to be nothing more than a friend, unless you come to feel differently.”The woman glances at Shewestia, who nods permissively. Well, as weird as all this is, at least your master is being pretty understanding about it.You are Chrysalis, and it is worse than you feared. Death would almost be preferable to living in fear…under…a hiyumin. Yet, you aren’t ready to give up hope entirely. You bow your head.“You are merciful.”She might even think she is being merciful.“Good. Now, please lick him. In the future, each lick must be witnessed by a princess, for safety purposes.”You stare into her eyes with disbelief. She is serious, and yet...You can see something else in her gaze. If this was merely a matter of justice, you would feel more at ease. Nevertheless, the Princess wants a show. You approach Anom slowly, trying to decide the best spot. He turns his head to the side obligingly. Ah, well then.You rest your hands on his shoulders and lean forward. His skin is musky, and salty on your tongue. Unlike the first time, it seems this body is well suited to the toxins. It is almost…pleasant. Then a warm thing brushes against your thigh. You spring back, and just as you feared, it has returned. Celestia chuckles.“I think he likes you.”Anom is blushing.“Sorry, it’s just an automatic reaction.”You know better. If you had lingered just a moment longer within his arms reach…Best not to think of such things.“Very funny. Are we done here?”Celestia nods.“I am, at least. Anom has a reading lesson, why don’t you accompany him?”You glare at her. It actually feels kind of nice, not to have to hide your hostility.“Fine.”Anom sighs and walks out the door.You are Twilight Sparkle. You glance at your pile of romance novels. You had hoped to read them together, but with this interloper…Simple vocabulary is the order of the day. The door to the study opens.“Hello, Anom, how are you?”He looks a little uncomfortable.“I’m…alright.”HisFriendWalks in behind him, oddly not in a sheet. She sneers at you.“At least I won’t have to suffer through your lessons anymore.”Rude. Also, what? You look at Anom who smiles apologetically.“It turns out she’s Chrysalis. Something about a shapeshifting accident.”You glance at the imposter(?) She lounges off in the corner, her attention pointedly elsewhere.“What? How? I mean, we need to tell Celestia!”Anom hold up his claws placatingly.“Celestia’s the one that figured it out. Basically, Chrysalis is stuck with me, and gan’t turn back to normal.”Oh. So, if the female anomaly is actually Chrysalis…You glance at your pile of novels with a smile.“Let’s just ignore her then. Why don’t you try your hoof at some of these books?”You are very aware of your shoulder pressed against his as he runs his claw along the page. Such delicate little digits. He speaks slowly, carefully.“She stared from the balcony, wishing he would touch her like he caressed the ancient tomes he loved so.”Such a good student. You have to be subtle. You tilt your head slowly to the side, until it just barely rests on his shoulder.“She cursed him then, blind and deaf to all that mattered. Why couldn’t he see that ghosts are ponies too?”This is your favorite part. It’s hard to focus on your seduction campaign when you are so caught up in the story.“She drifted down and peered over his shoulder. It hurt to be so close, yet so immaterial.”You turn to look only at him, his scent beguiling and enticing you closer.“Strange words fell from his lips, and Specter Scepter felt a change seize her body. All at once, she could feel his heat, his body suddenly pressed firm and hot against her own.”You hear a scoff from the corner, but you ignore her.“He looked to her then and blinded her with a beautiful smile. ‘We are reunited, my love.’ Specter felt a heat of her own build within her for the first time in years. ‘I have never left you.’ With that, she forced him to the ground with mareful passion and…”You find yourself nuzzling his neck, letting his voice wash over you.“Really, Twilight? A porn book?”Scornful laughter peals from the corner. You draw back, immediately regretting the loss of contact, but you have more important things to do.“It’s not a porn book, Anom. It is a beautiful piece of literature with a complex narrative and many endearing characters, some of which are ghosts. Really, you should read it for its cultural significance if nothing else.”Anom looks at you skeptically, then at the rest of the pile of books.“They are all porn books, aren’t they?”………."Maybe.”You are Chrysalis, and they’re…	They’re actually ignoring you. Fine. Good. It’s good that Twilight is distracting him, with-Those can’t really all be porn books. Anon skips ahead, still pausing at the occasional long word. You aren’t sure you believe his reaction. It’s hard to believe that there is something Twilight can stomach that Anom can’t. You can still picture his insistent, threatening erection.…You look at the pile of books. Perhaps it would give you an edge. You sneak over and snag a book.You are Anon, and the horse alphabet is almost completely phonetic. It takes more letters, but the spelling is much more consistent than the mess that is English. It’s actually pretty easy to learn, all things considered. Now, the books Twilight has you reading…You admit, they are somewhat interesting. It’s just the sex scenes use incredibly flowery language, completely avoiding mentioning any body parts whatsoever. Passages like, “His waves lapped at her shore, his grand galleon pulling into her secret harbor”You’re pretty sure that’s about anal, but who knows. At any rate, after several hours of reading aloud, you set the book aside.“I think that’s a good stopping point for today.”Twilight stirs blearily from your shoulder.“Wha? No, she was about to induct Danger Gleam into her personal guard!”You close the book firmly.“Yes, a perfect stopping point. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to get a drink.”You rise, and immediately you hear a small pop behind you. You look over your shoulder to see a glass of water levitating towards you. Twilight pats your cushion.“Just a little more?”She looks at you with large, pleading eyes. You shake your head ruefully.“I’d like to stretch my legs too.”She sighs, but gets to her hooves. You look over you shoulder.“Hey, Chrysalis, would you like to-“The woman throws a book across the room in a panic, then strokes her hair with forced casualness.“Oh, nothing, nothing at all. I’m afraid you are mistaken.”…“I’m going for a walk, want to come?”Her mouth twists in displeasure.“Thanks to your finest ass, I have no choice.”Hold up. You look at your rear. Is it that good? It’s hard to tell, maybe Twlight can tell you, as an assistant to the finest of asses.“Twilight, do I have a finest ass?”She blushes, no doubt embarrassed at your audacious question. Twilight glances at it, then swiftly looks away.“I-I guess? I mean, it’s good. I don’t know if you could accurately apply the superlative, but from a purely objective standpoint, it’s, ah, very nice.”That’s about what you thought. You are a bit bigger than most ponies, Finest Asses aside, so you probably do belong to some of the upper strata of society."There you have it, Chrysalis. I merely have a nice ass, so you do have a choice. Come to think of it…”You still have a hard time adjusting to her being nude, but if she doesn’t want to cover up, you aren’t going to make a fuss. Still, you get rather stiff while contemplating her approximate rank in the bootystocracy. “You might not be a finest ass yourself, but it’s pretty close.”Chrysalis’s face gets red with anger, and she makes little abortive noises in the back of her throat.You are Chrysalis, and why is he talking about asses so much? It’s not like changelings have much in the flank department, but you are-were a lithe, elegant queen. So you feel nothing when he compliments your butt. Nothing at all. Now if only you could figure out how to make this throat thing work again.You are Anom, and you should probably leave before you get her any angrier.“At any rate, maybe I’ll see you at dinner.”With that you walk out of the room. She doesn’t follow, she probably just needs her space.You are Chrysalis, and okay. That was…Unimportant.You wait a moment longer, then stalk quietly across the room. The book is largely undamaged, and you pick up where you had left off.‘The gentle mare was tossed onto her captor’s bed, and the griffin captain pounced upon her…’You are Twilight Sparkle, and you didn’t think you would ever have anything in common with the Queen of the Changelings, but it appears a love of romance novels transcends all species. You look at Anom striding along, utterly unaffected by the thrilling scene he stopped so callously. Maybe not all species, then.“So, were you the one that made my sex schedule?”Your mind comes to a complete stop. Anom tilts his head at you, back-lit by the afternoon sun in the arched window. You understand the individual words, but…“Sex schedule?”He frowns, concentrating.“What did she call it, oh yes, the Cumming Plan. Even if you didn’t make it, you have a copy or something, right?”You had suspected this for a while now, but Anom might not be…all there. Not that there’s anything wrong with that. Some of your best friends aren’t all there. You are very progressive about the differently sane.“I’m… not sure what you are talking about.”Anom frowns, and starts walking again. You trot to keep up.“It’s something Luna said, that she was on my Cumming Plan, but her sister has a larger something. I don’t mind having those kinds of appointments, but I keep forgetting to find out what they are, so I fear the schedule isn’t really working. Say, maybe you could make a better schedule, you always seemed good at organizing things.”…“You want me to make a schedule about, ah, coupling with mares? Who should I include? Am I included? What times are you open to, er, activities? Oh, where’s some ink and paper when you need some…”You aren’t really sure about how good you are at organizing this sort of thing, but the Princesses are counting on you to get it right.You are Rarity, and you have been hard at work in the small workshop the princesses have granted you. If Anom truly wants to bring back the fashions of ancient Roam, he’ll need more than sloppily arranged bedsheets. Thank goodness Tyrian purple is much easier to come by nowadays. The dye has already set in the borders of the toga, so you work on the tunic.It would be too easy to follow the old styles and leave it largely blank. No, instead you embroider vines and trees around the neckline, golden thread for one side, navy for the other. It would be a simple matter of switching upon which shoulder he wore the toga, and thereby be properly attired for audiences in either the Day or Night court. You tie off the last thread, and snip the dangling end. You cast it onto a crude form and step back to admire it.“Rarity, you are a talent.”With a thought, the whole ensemble folds itself neatly and comes to rest on your back. Time to seek out Anom.You are Luna, and clearly food based pranks are no longer cutting it. Pitting your strength against his is too dangerous, if he overcomes you, you are utterly at his mercy. And yet, magic would be too unsatisfying. You need to do what he did to you. Make him writhe and submit and cast aside all dignity. But how?You are Anon, and Twilight has run off, mumbling about refractory periods and collaborative compromises. 	It's actually kind of nice to walk around by yourself. Solitude has been hard to come by ever since you hopped the language barrier. Eventually, your stomach reminded you that some interaction is necessary. You set off for the dining hall. Along the way, you see Rarity with an odd lump on her back. She perks up when she sees you and trots right over.“Anom, just the stallion I was looking for. I realize I was a bit too forward before, so I made this as an apology and a sample. Would you kindly try it on?”A bundle of cloth floats to you, unfolding in the air. Some sort of dress and a fancy sheet? You shrug and pull the dress over your head. It’s actually kinda nice to wear clothes again. Then the sheet surges around you, wrapping then tucking up over your shoulder. Rarity eyes you critically, her magic tugging at the folds of the sheet. At last, she smiles.“Oh darling, such gravitas. It really s-“Your stomach growls.“Ah, perhaps we should retire to the dining hall. Oh! And while we are there, I can teach you the proper way to eat!”“Sounds…good.”You aren’t really sure why you are wearing a fancy toga, nor why what you thought was a crass, sensual horse is suddenly very fixated on manners. But, as with all things, you roll with it. As you continue to your destination, you examine the clothing you are wearing. It’s a bit too fancy for your tastes. Especially the embroidery. Still, it’s not bad.“Thanks for the clothes.”Rarity smiles.“You are quite welcome. Of course, I must admit that I hoped this would help us come to an arrangement, so it is not an entirely altruistic gift.”An arrangement?  Oh. You glance appreciatively at Rarity’s body. She is an odd mix of elegance and youthfulness, at least as far as magic horses go. Not to mention her long experience as Shewestia’s pet, she must know some interesting techniques.“Actually, you might want to talk to Twilight, she’s setting up my schedule for those sorts of things. I’m not entirely sure about how much time I will have, but you’re welcome to it.”Rarity looks surprised.“Really? Well, I look forward to working with you then!”	What an odd way of putting it, though you suppose it is like work for pets.You are Luna, and your sister had said something about a female anomaly. As you approach the creature from behind, you get an idea.“Greetings.”She turns, and gives you a nod.“Hello, Princess.”You draw up along side her.“Tell me, do you have feelings for Anom?”Her face immediately turns red.“NO! I don’t have any- It’s his fault I’m stuck like this!”Good.“And does he have feelings for you?”The female clutches a book to her oddly placed teats and looks away.“Y-yes. A little.”“Would you like to get revenge upon him?”She looks at you with interest.“What do you have in mind?”You are Celestia, and you wish you could go back to when you thought Anom was a hot beast. Now, even when you do have a fleeting moment to yourself, he is usually accompanied by at least one mare. You swallow a bite of your dinner and look to your left. It seems he is being taught table manners. You pause to admire his clothes, it’s been a while since you have last seen that fashion.“My compliments on the design, Rarity. It’s nice to see the old forms brought back.”The little pony blushes at the praise.“I’m glad you like it. But I really can’t take all the credit, Anom here is the one who has been evoking the Roaman style.”You hear muttering from the nobles, and many a glance sent towards Anom’s attire. He senses the attention, and looks down the table with an eyebrow raised. The nobles discreetly turn away. It seems a trend is in the offing.Then Luna and Chrysalis walk in and take their seats. An interesting combination, though the changeling seems profoundly uninterested in, well, almost everypony. For some reason, your sister smiles smugly at Anom throughout the meal. At the end, you dismiss the nobles to their duties, though you can sense a reluctance to their movements. It has been a while since such interesting guests have dined with you. When the last one leaves, Luna fixes her gaze on the hiyumin.“Anom, witness your humiliation!”With that, she pets Chrysalis’s mane.…Anom’s brow furrows.“New train station?”Luna scowls, and nuzzles Chrysalis’s cheek.“Your humiliation! I have taken the last of your kind. Now she prefers only my touch!”Chrysalis blushes at that, but doesn’t try to deny it. Perhaps it is her idea? You send a pulse to the empathic wards in the room. No, there isn’t any magical manipulation involved. Anom smiles.“Congratulations, Chrysalis. I know it can be hard finding someone to date when you are a lesbian.”Rarity looks at the female hiyumin in puzzlement.“Are you sure that’s Chrysalis, Darling?”You should probably step in at this point.“I’m afraid it is her. Now, Chrysalis, this little charade will not exempt you from having to spend time with Anom.”She nods.“I know.”Rarity looks at her with a critical eye.“What an odd shape to choose. And those unsightly teats! Really, you should try to stay within the realm of the natural world. No wonder you were found out.”Anom coughs.“Those are, ah, within the normal range for hiyumins.”Rarity raises her eyebrows.“I see…”Luna growls.“It seems I shall have to speak plainly, Anom. I have cuckolded you, and even should you eventually continue your species, the only female of your kind will long for me the entire time!”Anom blinks.“Okay.”Luna gets to her hooves.“Okay? Surely, you are bothered by this. Your destined mate desires another, and I flaunt my hold upon her in your face.” She licks Chrysalis’s cheek. Anom raises his eyebrows.“Ah. I…dare you to do that again. I think you are just faking it.”Rarity chokes on air. Luna scowls furiously.“Disbelieve this!”She turns toward a suddenly apprehensive changeling and kisses her passionately. Chrysalis makes muffled noises of protest, her hands ineffectively pushing at your sister’s face. Inflamed by the contact, Luna’s wings extend as she probes deeper into the hiyumin mouth. Rarity discreetly averts her eyes, though she glances from time to time. Anom rubs his chin in mock indecision.“Yeah, seems fake.”You should probably save Chrysalis. Luna growls, her hoof sliding up between Chrysalis’s legs. That is far enough, you think.“My, what shocking impropriety.” Luna breaks the kiss, glaring at you.“You are hardly one to judge in such matters.”Chrysalis gasps for breath, scooting back.“You said light petting only! I didn’t agree to this!”Luna turns a scowl on her co-conspirator.“Don’t say such things, he’ll figure it out.”Chrysalis rolls her eyes.“He already figured it out. In fact, he’s getting off on this!”Luna slowly turns to see Anom’s grinning face.“Guilty.”Rarity sighs.“I don’t know why I keep expecting royalty to be sophisticated. I really should know better.”Luna scrunches.“But I cuckolded you!”Anom shakes his head.“Think about it this way. If I ever do have sex with her, I will be stealing a lesbian from a happy relationship and impregnating her. If anything, I am cuckolding you.”Luna grinds her teeth, then teleports away with a loud thunderclap.“Anom? Would you mind pretending to lose next time? I’d rather not have to retrieve courtiers from the moon.”Anom frowns a little at that.“Depends on the stakes. Still, I’ll keep that in mind for next time.”You nod graciously.“See that you do. Any plans for the evening?”Anom tilts his head.“…Do I have an appointment with you, then?”Hmmm. A good question. With the Chrysalis situation being what it is, do you allow yourself some of his special attentions? Although…“Yes, I would like to see you and Chrysalis in my chambers.”Chrysalis doesn’t look happy with that. Rarity glances at you uncertainly.“Well, I would rather not get in the way. I’m sure you have sensitive things to discuss.”You can almost feel her curiosity.“Don’t worry, my little pony, you wouldn’t be in the way. It might not be to your taste, but I won’t prevent you from being present.”The fashionista gnaws on her lip.“In that case…I think I shall accompany you.”Anom raises an eyebrow, but shrugs. This may be interesting.You are Rarity, and you find yourself following behind the Princess and Anom. You glance at Chrysalis. Such odd proportions. Still, perhaps you could do something, it’s so rare to design for a tall, narrow frame. Perhaps it could hang off the swell of her teats? She catches you looking.“What.”You meet her eyes, her rude tone sparking a slight sense of challenge within you.“Do you know what this is about?”She frowns, and you sense her irritability directed elsewhere.“I have a vague suspicion. What about you?”You think back to Twilight’s “horror” stories about Anom. You turn to stare ahead.“I might, though I’m not sure why we’d be there.”Celestia’s eye winks at you from over her shoulder. The room you end up in is tastefully, yet minimally decorated. You spy an elegant bookcase, partially full of scrolls. You recognize some of them, and are a little touched to see your reports so preserved. Your attention is drawn to Celestia. She’s whispering something in Anom’s ear. It would be an innocent act, but for the light blush of her cheeks. As an Element of Harmony, and as something of a friend, you’ve seen a wider range of emotions on the Royal Countenance than most. You get the distinct feeling that that range will be widened by the day’s end.You are Celestia, and you feel as frisky as a young mare in her first spring awakening. It takes considerable effort to keep from pouncing on the young, virile hiyumin. Alas, you have to show how gentle and enticing he can be, perhaps another time you could give in to some of your more aggressive proclivities. You raise a forehoof from the ground, presenting it to Anom. Rarity bites her lip, recognizing the form.You are Chrysalis, growing impatient. Hoofholding? Are you supposed to be jealous? Anom encircles the hoof in his claws, then slides them up the sides of the leg. You find yourself rubbing your arm without thinking. You shake your head and return your claw to your side. Anom continues, his claws plowing through Celestia’s chest fur and up her neck. You can see her sway, aborting a lunge that would have pressed him tightly between her and the floor. It can’t feel that good.You find yourself studying her face, seeking some hint of artificiality. Then Anom nuzzles up from below her chin, and you feel a tightening in your chest. It’s like your amorevorous hunger, yet…not. You’ve nuzzled before, as other mares, how could this be different? You stretch out your senses, reassuring yourself that he still has some affections for y-Why? Why does that matter? You clench your claws into fists. Nothing has made sense since you licked the damnable hiyumin.You are Celestia, and the tension, the anticipation…His cheek pushing past the underside of your chin. You feel your maternal instincts flare, both at war and in harmony with the fire in your veins. Anom's claws cup your cheeks.“Who’s a good mistress?”The question penetrates through the haze of lust in your mind. It’s one you’ve wrestled with in one form or another for centuries. If one finds ruling to be pleasant, does that make one a better or worse ruler? Does ponykind need a mi-“You are!”What!? Anom brings your face down to meet his eyes.“You’re the best mistress I’ve ever had. I want to be your pet forever!”This is amazing! You feel unjustifiably relieved, as though his sweet words removed all your regrets and uncertainties. You grin without holding anything back.“Then I’m going to keep you forever. My little hiyumin.”He hugs you then, his strong arms pressing you to his firm chest, your head resting contentedly on his shoulder. You awkwardly wrap a forelimb around him, exulting in how warm and right he feels against you. Then your eyes focus on Chrysalis, a look of deep longing in her eyes. Oh. Your plan…worked.You close your eyes, and breath deep Anom’s scent. You wish this could last longer. Sensing a change, Anom pulls back a little and strokes your cheek.“Something wrong?”You remove your forelimb, stepping slightly to the side. You smile as gently as you can at Chrysalis.“Would you like to join us?”Anom glances back, then holds out a claw invitingly to her. Chrysalis shifts uneasily.You are Chrysalis, and it’s probably another trap. But you can see the regret in Celestia’s eyes. An old one, one you might be familiar with. To always be a watcher, never a participant. You take a hesitant step forward. Anom smiles at you, completely guileless. You glance down, and-How? After all that, he doesn’t have boner! You take another step forward, eyes on the true danger. This has to be a trap. Anom speaks.“It’s only cuddles.”Celestia nods, stepping back. Anom glances at her, a little startled at her withdrawal, and you see her flinch, before smiling in a way that doesn’t reach her eyes.No. You step away from Anom and toward her. She stops, uncertain.“I…you said I could join you. If I’m doing this, you’re c-cuddling too.”She looks a little bewildered. Anom grins in understanding.“Group hug!”He pulls you both in with strong arms, smooshing the three of your faces together. Celestia hesitantly wraps a forelimb around each of you, and you soon reciprocate. It’s warm and cramped, but for the first time in a long time, you feel truly loved.You are Anon, and you are incredibly proud of yourself. Not only have you somehow landed in a threesome, you haven’t said “Now kiss.” Chrysalis nudges Shewestia.“You deal with his boners though.”Shewestia lets out a low chuckle.“Fair enough.”Speak of the devil. Chryslalis squeaks and gives you some space. Even through the toga, it’s hard to miss when you are all pressed together like that.“Sorry, but that was really sexy.”Shewestia sighs dramatically.“A mare’s work is never done.”Then she ducks her head under your tunic, and-		Oh,Oh yes~You are Chrysalis, and you are glad you can’t see what she’s doing. He must like it though, because he is groaning and petting her neck.…		You approach cautiously.“What about me?”He gives you a questioning glance.“Aren’t you going to pet me?”“Fffff…. Yes, c’mere.”You offer your back to him, this may be one of the few chances for you to get petted safely. His claw slides under your yellow mane, then down your back, stopping just short of your flanks. You shudder at the stimulation. He stops.“Not good?”You glare at him over your shoulder, how dense can he be?“Again!”You try to tune out the sucking, slurping sounds and- This time his claw tips lightly trace down your spine, setting your skin afire and your toes to curling. You let out a heated breath, unfamiliar stirrings rising in your body. You need more.“Yes! Do that again!”Anom groans, and doesn’t respond. What’s taking him-You look over your shoulder to see he had shucked off his clothes and grabbed onto Celestia’s head by her horn. Her eyes rolled back into her head, he thrusts into her mouth again and again. Marecum splatters from her splayed legs. They look like they’re... enjoying themselves.Messily. Is this…You tap his shoulder. No response, he just thrusts one last time into her mouth. You can see her throat swallow a few times…“Have you impregnated her now?”Anom lets go of her horn, gently stroking her mane as Celestia suckles a little longer. He turns to you and pats your shoulder.“No, this is just for fun.”Hmmm.Celestia lifts her head, licking her lips with a smug expression. You can't help but wonder.“Is it good?”She tilts her head, considering.“It’s different. I liked it, but I like a lot of…different things. Would you like to try?”You eye the softening member.“No, no thank you. Just, ah, curious.”Celestia grins.“More for me then.”You are Rarity, and you’ve worked hard to achieve the poise and sophistication to mingle in higher circles.“Oh, “ hah, ” yes.”All that work, and it is through your connection to Twilight that you find yourself at the very peak of high society.“Unf, so lewd darling.”Of course, it has always been about who you know. Ironically, getting to know the princesses as you have has desensitized you to crass things.“Now grab her horn again, good.”Some habits are harder to break; your exhortations have been in a whisper this entire time. Similarly, you are only gently stroking your marehood. From time to time, Celestia catches your eye and winks…not with her eye. You have some inkling as to why you are here.“You really are a thirsty mare, aren’t you?”Other ponies look upon her with fear and or awe. She’s made sure you can never see her that way. No, you fully understand that you are masturbating to an older mare still wild at heart, having a great deal of fun pleasuring a male.“Darling, would you kindly fill her up? Mmmm good.”Abandoning any pretense of sophistication, you ride your hoof to culmination, your eyes rolling back in your head.You are Rarity, and it seems everypony is coming down from the private little show.You leave the damp spot on the carpet behind, and slip into a lull of the conversation.“Pardon me, but I must to bed. It’s been a pleasure, Princess, Anom, Chrysalis.”Celestia turns to the odd pair of hiyumans.“Of course, excuse me, I’d like to talk with her a bit, I’ll be right back.”Anom smiles and gives you a little wave.“Goodnight, Rarity.”Chrysalis gives you a curt nod, which is honestly more than you were expecting. Celestia joins you, and you walk out. She manages a sheepish expression.“Sorry for not including you earlier.”You smile graciously.“I could tell you had your hooves full, and I dare say I did as well before too long.”She glances at your wet forehoof, and nods.…“I’ve hardly been there for him. What does it mean that I’m the best mistress he’s ever had?”Hmmm.“Perhaps…the previous ones were more jealous? Or aloof? Or harsh? Perhaps he just prefers ponies? Really, as long as he is happy with you, I wouldn’t worry too much.”Celestia shakes her head.“I still feel as though I’m taking advantage of him. I find it hard to believe that ponies in another world would so completely condition him to accept a life of sexual predation.”…“Has he said as much? Perhaps it was merely a job he chose.”She pauses.“Perhaps.”She shakes her head with a sigh. Perhaps you should change the subject somewhat.“Ah, what did you think of his attire?”Celestia turns an unreadable look on you.“It was very… political.”You might have been a bit too clever for your own good.“I loved it.”She gives you a warm smile as you sigh in relief.“We’ll have to have him wear it for Luna sometime. Perhaps the court will also tailor themselves a bit more for her. You may very well have no few customers by week’s end.”While that is good, both for Luna and yourself, you are a bit more glad that Celestia truly liked it, rather than complimented your work for political reasons. That reminds you…“Speaking of the court, has anypony dared address you by Finest Ass yet?”Celestia giggles behind a raised hoof.“No, not yet. Though I have noticed more gazes straying than usual.”You nod.“You know, he once said I had a good ass.”She pauses, and you take a few steps forward, deliberately swaying your flanks.“He’s not wrong.”She trots up beside you, and you feel oddly pleased.“That means a lot, coming from the Finest Ass.”Celestia smiles at that, but her eyes go distant.“Do you think…that’s how they sorted their hierarchy?”It takes a moment for you to understand what she means.“That seems really arbitrary.”“From a society with either professional or indoctrinated pleasure servants for ponies? I know there have been times when the nobility have tended towards reckless hedonism. I have often wondered what would happen to my little ponies, had I not been there.”“I am sure that the truth about his home is much stranger than what we have guessed. We really should ask him about it before going too far with our assumptions.”You find yourself at the doors to your chambers.“Thank you for walking me to my room, Celestia. It’s been a pleasure talking with you.”Celestia nods.“For me as well, you have given me much to think about.”Perhaps it was how comfortable you feel around her, or maybe what she let you see before. Either way, the words leave your mouth with nary a thought.“Were you a stallion, this would be when you lean in for a goodnight kiss. As it is though, I’m-“She darts her head forward, kissing you gently on the cheek, lingering for the briefest of moments.“Goodnight Rarity.”Your heart thunders in your ears and you stare in shock as she sashays away. You fall back onto your rear, a hoof almost touching your face. Did she-You hadn’t ever considered, not for yourself-Do you even-You whisper,“Good night, indeed.”It would seem you have much to think about this night as well.In time, you lay in between the sheets, staring sightlessly at the ceiling. A knock sounds at the door, and you move to answer it. Twilight stands outside, several clipboards floating around her, along with quills and bottles of ink.“Can I help you darling?”Twilight gives you her “new project” smile.“Nope, I got this one well in hoof. I was just wondering, do you want to be on Anom’s schedule as well, and if so, daily or weekly?”You suppose it is time his education got a bit more structured, perhaps with some regular cultural exchanges. To that end…“Daily, please.” Twilight raises an eyebrow, then shrugs.“Thank you. With that, I think I may be almost done… we’ll be meeting in my room after breakfast tomorrow.”“I shall be there. And Twilight?”“Yes?”"Make sure that you get some rest. No schedule is worth your beauty sleep, darling.”Twilight tilts her head.“I can think of a few…but don’t worry, Rarity. I’ll be fine.”“Very well. Goodnight, Twilight.”“Goodnight Rarity.”When you climb back into bed, you feel a bit more sleepy. What a day, what a night.You are Spike, dragon of the house. It was touch and go for a while there, but then everypony came back and now you only have to do minor things around the library and keep an eye on Sweetie Bell. Rarity trusted you with this important, perilous task, and you just know she’s noticed how you’ve grown in the past year or so. You have an extra dorsal spine, and you are a cubit longer! You feel like you are entering in a new era of Spikedom.It’s not even that hard for you to take care of Sweetie Bell anymore. She really respects your newfound maturity, and spends all day reading some books Twilight never let you organize or read.“They’re only for mares, Spike. I’m sure you wouldn’t like them.”You sneak a look every once in a while. Seems like normal stories as far as you can tell. Still, you wish Twilight and Rarity would come back soon. You hear a crash in the library. You sigh and grab a brush and dustpan.You are Luna, projecting. Astrally, that is. Sometimes you spend hours in the night sky, shining down on the great sphere of your home. The moon is almost nonexistent in your mind. You’ve moved it so often, lived on its surface for longer than most minds can comprehend. You are aware you haven’t been acting the most sensibly these past few days. It was not so long ago that you warned your sister against bestiality for the last time. The creature has occupied Celestia’s attention far too much, and you must admit you are not immune to the pull.It’s so strange, so friendly, so unpredictable. It falls to you to do what must be done. You bring your mind’s form to the shadows of the Everfree. Beasts and wisps scatter before your translucent hoofsteps. It is all too tempting to cut down the trees, hunt the aberrant, and smooth over the one rough spot in a world of order. Celestia disagrees.For your part, you have noticed a troubling phenomenon. For every acre diminished, the magic within increases. Poison joke was once a rare herb, but now it grows in thick patches. Basilisks now venture out into the outer fringes of the forest. What you look for this night isn’t in the exact center, that’s not how this place works. You follow a river flowing upstream, as it rises in a double helix up a cliff-side, and into a roiling lake. At the shallowest end, a cracked geode half glows a deep blue as it drinks the water. A few strides away lies the other half, glowing a bright red, on top of a pile of strange artifacts. One of them looks like a boot, if it was fitted for a dragon’s claw. Or perhaps a hiyumin’s.You are Chrysalis, and you are sitting on a cushion and waiting. Anom is perfectly relaxed on the bed. And why wouldn’t he be relaxed? He has nothing to fear. His body was made to penetrate. Of course, yours might be made to accept, but you have seen Changeling thoraxes ruptured. They dropped the guise in a panic when their partner grew too amorous, just in time for a penis to punch through the fragile rear joint in the carapace. You are reasonably sure you will never return to your original form, but even so, your body may be getting acclimated to the toxic biochemistry of the hiyumin species.It would be just your luck if you died just as you supped deep of unfiltered love. Celestia returns soon enough. She glances at you, then nods in understanding. She climbs up beside the Love Nexus and nuzzles against his neck, a foreleg draped across his chest. He murmurs something, and you feel a brief stab of jealousy. What an odd thing to feel. Nevertheless, you climb in after her, taking his other side. You are taking a gambit here.“Do not have sex with me. Especially while I am asleep.”Anom nods, put a bit off balance by the command. Satisfied, you lay down on your side, turning your back to him. He pats your hip fondly, then leaves his hand there.…The night is still, but sharp. You try to rest, but every little motion moves his hand on you. At last, you gingerly lift his arm and return it to his side. Better…if colder.You are Anon, and as you wake, your arms tingle. No, scratch that, they are still asleep, pins and needles everywhere. You tug a bit at your right arm, but it is under who knows how many pounds of magic horse. Your left one-You would appreciate having a handful of ass more, but you can’t feel too much. Still, can’t pass this up. You give Chrysalis a gentle squeeze before sliding slowly out from under her. Feeling returns with agonizing slowness, and you work with a half-numb arm to free your other. Shewestia snorts in her sleep, but doesn’t stir. Using your formidable stealth skills, you crawl out of bed without waking either, uh, lady? Girlfriend? Alien?At any rate, you stalk out into the early morning palace, sunlight wobbling only slightly through the windows. It’s nice, being up an about while everyone else is asleep. Occasionally, you see a changing of the guard, but there are few others roaming the halls. You meander down to the kitchen, your stomach waking up early as well. Now, where was it?A few turns, and some helpful directions from a guard later, you open the door to the kitchen. And an… intimate scene. You freeze, they freeze, and you slowly close the door. Well, okay. Now what?The door opens, and a maid speedwalks away, her face red. The cook pokes his head out, nodding to you sheepishly.“Can I, ah, help you with something?”You feel a bit bad about interrupting, but,“Breakfast please? Er, pancakes or whatever’s quickest.”He nods again, and closes the door. You look around the hallway. Is there a chair, or- The cook opens the door again.“Would you like to wait inside? I mean, I could bring it to the dining hall, but you seem hungry…”“Oh, yes, I’ll wait inside. Thanks.”He gives a small smile, then holds the door open for you. It’s kinda awkward, just standing there, watching a horse make pancakes. He feels it too.“Soooo… Celestia, huh?”You shrug.“Pretty much. Was that your girlfriend, or…”“Gir-oh, marefriend. Yeah, we’ve been going steady for a while now. Er, sorry about earlier, nopony’s usually up this early.”“It’s alright. Sorry for intruding, actually.”He gives you a half-smile, then turns back to the griddle.You are half done with your third pancake when he gathers his courage to speak again.“So are you her coltfriend, or consort, or…nevermind, none of my business.”Hmmm.“I’m not entirely sure. We haven’t really talked about it.”The cook horse shakes his head.“Well, for what it’s worth, this is the happiest I’ve seen her in years. Keep doing what you are doing, I guess.”You feel rather flattered.“Thanks, I’ll do my best.”He nods.……“Do you really call her Finest Ass?  I heard it from a friend, but there’s no way…”You are a little confused.“It’s her title, isn’t it?”The cook slowly shifts his weight onto his hind legs.“Fortune favors the bold, I guess.”You are about to question him some more, but the morning shift of cooks show up,  and you quickly get out of their way.You are Chrysalis, miraculously alive. You wake up to a change in the breathing next to you. You lay on your back, letting your senses catch up to your sudden consciousness. Oh yes, you remember your foolish gamble last night. Maybe not so foolish, you aren’t dead yet. Anon shifts slightly, his bare skin brushing against your shoulder. You feel warm, almost too warm. Then Anom shifts the other way and you are suddenly very aware of the fact that you are laying on his arm. You feign sleep, hoping he remains significantly distracted by Celestia. He grabs your butt.You freeze in terror and something else. You know what will happen, but part of you keeps you still and silent, hoping that he doesn’t penetrate you, perhaps fatally. Yes, that is what keeps you from running away, that hope. Definitely. His arm slides out from under you, and-You hear some low grunting as the bed jostles. Of course, Celestia! You feel a wave of relief flow through you, leaving only a slightly bitter aftertaste for some reason. After a surprisingly short time of having his way with her, Anom leaves the room. You sag into the mattress boneless, the danger passed.“Better you than me, Princess.”She doesn’t respond.…You slowly crawl over. You can’t believe it. Somehow, she slept through all of –that-…You set yourself down gently in his place. His scent is all around you, a not entirely unpleasant experience. You stroke Celestia’s neck. It feels so strange, stroking what was once your mortal enemy. The cold remnants of your heart stir a little. Then she rolls on top of you, rubbing her cheek against yours.“Ready for another round, are you? I know I am.”Words die in your throat as you feel her feverish marehood slide up and down your leg. She’s- It’s too-"Ah. Um.”Celestia pauses, her nose nuzzling your neck.“Yes?”"I’m not Anom.”Celestia pulls back slowly. When she sees your face, hers turns beet red.“Sorry, I thought- smell just-“She scrambles off. You find yourself smiling for some reason.“My leg is very flattered, though.”You’ve seen Celestia struck down by your magic. You’ve seen her suspended and helpless in a cocoon. You think you prefer her like this, head buried in a pillow, moaning in deep embarrassment. You pat her shoulder consolingly.“It’s okay, I’m sure you don’t rape ponies most of the time.”“Mvrph!”“Please, you get off on forcing me to lick Anom.”…“I pity the guards, I can only imagine what you put them through for your sick amusement. How many young stallions have touched each other to sate your sexual appetite?”Celestia lifts her head glares at you.“None. I cannot deny I have some…interest in your punishment, but it is still a good precaution in this situation. Now, shall we leave this topic, and get some breakfast?”"You’d like that, wouldn’t you? To just ignore all those lustful motives for your actions.”She draws herself up, reclaiming some lost dignity.“Awfully bold for one who claims she doesn’t want sex, yet rolls in the scent of a male. Oh, and you’re wet too.”You look down at your traitorous flower.…You don’t really want…You huff.“Whatever. I’m having Twilight witness today’s lick.”Celestia snorts.“Fine by me.”…You aren’t going to say it. She seems similarly stubborn.…Her stomach growls."Hah! Anot-“Your stomach growls.…“Food?”Yes.”You are Twilight Sparkle, and you feel pretty excited about the upcoming meeting, it’s the first time you’ve organized something like this…Involving other ponies. Your own schedule usually has a few slots marked with vague euphemisms, and is partly why you don’t dictate your daily schedule to Spike anymore. You also want him to grow as a dragon, and not be so defined by being your #1 assistant. You eat your breakfast early and quickly, and get back to your bedroom to put the finishing touches on your presentation.You are Spike, and you feel a little odd, walking through the boutique when Rarity isn’t there. There’s something in the air, the sense of clothes mares don’t let you see, too many silks in artful disarray. There’s also some muted splashing from one of the back rooms, and you hope Sweetie Bell isn’t making too much of a mess. You wander around, listening to the hairdryer with only half an ear. When at last Sweetie Bell reappears, you find yourself deeply uncomfortable. Her hair is a vivid purple, a little off from her sister’s, but noticeably similar. She turns her head to the side, showing off the familiar curl her mane has just gotten long enough to pull off. She’s grown, since you first arrived in Ponyville.“What do you think? I mean, Spikey-wikey, do I look good?”For some reason, it is suddenly a bit warmer in the shop.“Why are you…”Sweetie Bell huffs, but without commitment.“Can’t a mare, uh, change her mane every once in a while?”She starts to walk around you. Then your nose registers the smell, the perfume Rarity usually wears, but too much.“Why are you trying to be Rarity?”She comes around to your front again.“I’m not, I’m just trying to be a bit more sophisticated in how I present myself, that’s all. Now, what do you think?”She starts to circle behind you.“Well, it’s a little h-OW!”Sweetie Bell stumbles, and your tail throbs.“Sorry! I didn’t mean to, I…”You turn around, only for your face to come a hairsbreadth from hers. Her eyes are so large and luminous.“I just, I wanted you to notice me.”You reach out your claw, uncertain and hesitant.“I do notice you, I’ve been watching over you while they’re gone.”You pat her shoulder once. Sweetie frowns.“I’ve grown, you know. I’m practically a real mare now.”“I know.”She pauses at that. You find your face heating up. Sweetie Bell turns her head away, presenting her neck to you.“Sh-show me.”She’s not Rarity, she can’t be Rarity. Your claw traces up her neck. She shudders. Maybe, maybe you can be for her what you wish Rarity was for you. In the too sweet air, in the closed shop of silks and longing, it is enough.You are Celestia, and you aren’t entirely sure what this meeting is about, Twilight was oddly vague about the agenda. Still, when you look around at the other mares in the room, you figure it has something to do with Anom. Luna is looking…serious. More so than usual, that is.Rarity is blushing ever so slightly. You still aren’t entirely sure how far you or she wants to go, but she is very dear to you. Chrysalis is slightly grumpy, but she is a captive. Twilight clears her throat and levitates a clipboard to each of the assembled mares and the hiyumin.“Before I begin, let me just say how honored I am that you have chosen me to put this together. I hope it will be to your satisfaction.”You look at the heading of the chart, “Procreative Allocations in Polyamorous  Association with Anom” Oh yes, the sex schedule. You glance around, and find the others aren’t as calm about the document’s contents. Luna huffs angrily, dropping the clipboard to the floor. Rarity looks conflicted, “Darling, I thought you meant for teaching him things like table manners and learning about his homeworld.”Twilight raises a hoof, and pauses.“Oh.”Chrysalis scowls at the paper.“Where am I?”Twilight trots over, distracted.“Um, since you don’t actually want to procreate with him, you can just sorta hang around all day, and maybe share a session with an obliging mare.”You clear your throat."I won’t mind, if it comes to that.”Chrysalis gives you an unreadable look, but nods her thanks. Luna snorts.“She can have mine, I have no intention of coupling with Anom ever again. Now, if the trivialities are over with, I have a matter of some import.”Twilight makes a small noise of protest, her eyes wavering as she gazes at your sister with tears welling up in her eyes. Luna shifts uncomfortably.“Perhaps I spoke in haste. Now that the very important matter of rutting has been efficiently and comprehensively dealt with, “Twilight smiles a little. Luna continues,“I have found the rupture from whence Anom entered Equestria.”You straighten up a little.“Is it stable?”She nods.“There is a semi-continuous exchange of matter between the two worlds. It is possible that a number of strange animals passed through, only to be eaten or otherwise killed before exiting the Everfree. There are also a number of artifacts in varying states of repair piled up around the portal from Anom’s land to ours. It would be best if Anom were to identify them before any research is begun.”You nod.“A wise precaution. Well, Anom? Shall we go?”He rocks back, a swirl of emotions crossing his face.“I, uh, yeah, I can do that.”You get up. Twilight stands forlornly by the chalkboard.“But, my presentation…”"Don’t you want to learn more about hiyumin civilization? But before that, Chrysalis has something she wants you to witness.”The shapeshifter glares at you, and shoos you away. Anom makes as if to leave, but Chrysalis places a restraining claw on his shoulder. You wait outside in the hall with Luna and Rarity. Rarity gives you a questioning glance.“It’s part of her punishment. I guess she’s just being shy about it.”She nods, not really understanding, but accepting the explanation.You are Twilight, and you were all set to give a lecture on respecting each other’s time, and some educated guesses about hiyumin refractory periods, but-Chrysalis holds Anom’s claw in both of hers, bringing it up to her face. What is she-A pink tongue swirls around one of his soft claws, then retreats back into her mouth. Anom’s breathing speeds up. You glance down at the tunic he was wearing, and, yup, a boner. Chrysalis sees it too.“Really? Just from that?”Anom gives her an odd look.“Of course.”Chrysalis shakes her head in weary disbelief.“Whatever. Go look at your broken things.”She strides away.…Anom shrugs, and takes another look at the schedule you made.“Hey, thanks, this should keep things sane for a while.”You feel a bit better.“You’re welcome, Anom. Anytime you need something organized, I’m your mare.”He smiles.“I’ll keep that in mind.”“Thanks for your hard work today! Have a good afternoon!”“Thanks, Mr. Breezy,” you say, walking out of the local fan shop with your shoulders slumped and your hands in your pockets. You’ve always told yourself that working at the fan store would only be a temporary thing while you got your feet planted in this new world, but more than anything, the convenience of working there has kept you from exploring other options. What else would you do? It isn’t like you have a cutie mark pointing you in any direction of what to do with your life, and without wings, magic or even horsepower, your options for employment are pretty limited in this new world.It’s been six months since you first arrived in Ponyville, and even with as much time thinking about it as you do, the answer of how you got there never seems to get any clearer. As ridiculous as it sounds, sometimes you wonder if Celestia summoned you out of the blue to save you from being a shut-in mooching off of his parents his whole life, but what makes you so special? It’s not like you hate Equestria or anything, at least not anymore. Sure, the first few weeks of breaking into your new home were kind of rough, but after a while, you kinda got used to the new life of magic, flying and rainbows everywhere.Of course, the toughest part of living here, even more than all the stares you still seem to get on a daily basis, is the fact that every single day, you have to work with Mr. Breezy at the fan shop. It’s not like Mr. Breezy is a bad guy, or anything! He’s really a great boss! It’s just that the pay sucks, the hours are long, and just how many ponies does he think actually need a fan? Well, he got his cutie mark in selling fans, so this just must be what he’s destined to do forever. Besides, even if you did have a cutie mark, it would probably be something stupid like making card pyramids or watching let’s plays of Minec--“Whoa, shit!!”Before you can even complete that thought, however, you end up falling forwards, landing square on your knees in a ditch almost twice your size. The minute you open your eyes, you quickly grab your knee and begin rocking back and forth, breathing in and groaning out your pain while wondering how you could have missed a hole this big right in front of you. For that matter, who even had the idea of digging a hole like this right in the middle of the road? Potholes are one thing, but this isn’t some crack in asphalt; somepony dug this up with their bare hooves!“Hellooooo?” Loosening your grip on your aching knee for a moment, you turn your attention up to the top of the hole, where somepony stands calling to you from above. “Is somepony in here?”“Yeah, there’s somebody in here, you dick! Ouch… I think I broke my coccyx or something.”“If you broke your coccyx then why are you holding onto your knee? Are you sure you know your anatomy?”“Yes, I know my anatomy! Look, I’m kind of stuck, so could you find someone to get me out of here?”“Don’t worry! I can get you out!” As soon as she says those words, she disappears, making you wonder whether or not she can do anything, until out of nowhere, you feel something vibrating against your arm, making you pull back in shock. The throbbing pain in your knee keeps you from focusing at first, but after a few dirt clods pop out of the wall of mud by your side, a filly with a grayish opal coat and a dirty blue mane sticks her head out from the soil. “Sorry about that! I was just on my way to find a caution sign, actually. I didn’t think anypony would fall in during the five minutes I was gone!”You want to say something sarcastic to voice your frustration, but the pain in your knee keeps your attention focused on the main problem at hand. “So, you said you can get me out of here?”“Yeah! Give me your hoof!” You then pull your hand off of your knee and give it to the filly, who grabs on bashfully. “Or, claw, I guess. Now, hang on!”Then, pulling herself out of the hole she made, she sticks her three unoccupied hooves into the dirt wall and climbs up the earth like it’s a simple ladder, exemplifying the kind of strength that keeps you from finding another job. After what seems like it took no energy at all, the filly drags you over the lip of the hole and lays you down on the soft grass, shaking the debris off of her coat and mane. You’re a little impressed, but that still doesn’t keep you from voicing the anger you had just moments ago.“So you were the one who dug that hole?!” you shout, ignoring the pain in your leg to turn on your side and glare at the filly.“Yup! Did the whole thing all by myself!” She smiles wide, seemingly unaware of how pissed you are as she gloats about her achievement.“Well what the hell?! Someone could have gotten seriously hurt!”“But… I was only gonna be gone for five minutes…”At this point, her joyful demeanor starts to diminish as her ears droop, her head hangs lower and her giddy smile curls in the opposite direction. You’re beginning to feel bad about yelling at her already, but someone needs to be tough on her, right? “What did you even dig that hole up for in the first place?!”“Oh!” Just like that, her smile is back on her face, glowing wide like before. “I think I might know the exact whereabouts of an equiosaurus, said to be extinct for almost one hundred million years! Actually, in this book I was reading, I saw that they went extinct in central Equestria after the nearby water supplies drained up along with the--”“THERE ARE NO DINOSAURS HERE!” Your outburst surprises the both of you, making the filly close to tearing up while causing you to wonder if you might have gone a little overboard with that comment. “I mean… can’t you just save that for the experts? I just don’t want anyone else to get hurt.”“But…” Looking down at the ground, she quietly sniffles, taking a breath in through her mouth while trying not to cry. “...I thought I was an expert.”At this point, you see a tear run down her face, but you can’t let her have her way just because she starts crying. “You probably are, but why don’t you try digging somewhere where nopony might accidentally fall in? Ow! My knee..”“I’m sorry!” As you quickly flinch and grab onto your wounded knee, the filly rushes over, pulls her scrunchy out of her mane and slips it over your knee like some kind of makeshift cast. “Did you really hit the ground that hard?”“I feel like I landed on a rock or something.”“A rock? But geologists confirmed that there are no natural minerals anywhere within this area.”“Well, I sure as hell landed on something!”After a few moments of deep concentration, however, the filly’s eyes light up as she pulls your face in towards hers, bringing the two of you uncomfortably close. “Where did you land? Can you show me the exact spot?”You’re not sure what she’s getting at, but dragging your body back to the lip of the crevice, you point towards the bottom of the hole, to which the foal jumps in with no reservation and immediately starts digging. Even though she’s not flicking any dirt in your direction, you still need to keep your arm up to block the cloud of dust billowing upward, which you inadvertently ingest into your lungs. Just as you begin coughing to get the dust out of your throat, though, you hear the filly gasp loudly, and looking down to see what’s going on, your eyes grow wide.“I was right!! Look at this!”You don’t need to cough anymore, seeing as how the sight you are witnessing takes the breath away from you anyway. In the exact spot where you landed, you see not just some rock, but an entire skeleton of some unknown prehistoric animal, just like one would see at a natural history museum. You can’t believe it, but you have no words to deny it either.“Is that a…?”“An equiosaurus! Look! Look! It’s got the saddle joint in the neck only found in prehistoric land reptiles, along with a tuberosity in the center of the skull where other genuses have a pointed protrusion! IT’S AN EXACT MATCH!”Again, scratching your head, you try to come up with some kind of explanation, but it’s not like she planted an ancient skeleton in the ground to torment you. This kid… may have very just well made a discovery that not even the experts have been able to do. “Kid… this is amazing!”“Petunia.”“Huh?”Then, running up the walls like she had done earlier, the filly pulls herself out of the hole, shakes the dirt from her body and holds out a hoof. “My name is Petunia. Petunia Paleo. What’s your name?”“Uh… Anon. Anon E Mous.” As you shake her hoof, she smiles wide, making you feel even worse for snapping at her before.“Cool! I’ll let the Equestrian Center of Archeological Research know that we found it together so you get credit too. This is so exciting! We might even become famous!”“Oh, you don’t need to do that! Really, all I did was fall into a hole. I’m sure you would have found it without my help either way.” Suddenly, she looks confused, and seeing as how you can only handle one awkward interaction per day, you pull her scrunchy off your leg, wince at the pain and turn towards the direction of your house. “Anyway, here’s your hair thingy back. I should probably go home now.”With one eyebrow still raised, she asks, “You don’t want any credit? We did find it together, after all.”“Thanks, but I’m good,” you reply, limping your way home. “I think I get enough attention as it is.”“Then, how about this! What if you came over to my house tonight to celebrate together? It could be like a discovery party, and we don’t have to invite anyone if you don’t want to.”You stop in your tracks, secretly wishing that you could run away but knowing that at some point, you’re just going to run into her again. Plus, since you’re the only human that you know of in Equestria, it’s not like she wouldn’t easily recognize you if she were to see you years down the road. Still, a discovery party? You may not know two things about her, but knowing her demographic, it would probably be cake, party hats and her parents showing you home videos of how proud she makes them.As you finally turn to face her, though, your heart melts upon seeing her genuinely kind smile, trying her best to invite you into her life, making you slump your shoulders as you sigh in defeat. “A party, huh?”“Yep! At my house.”“And it’s just gonna be you and your parents?”“Sure! Unless you wanted me to invite anypony else.”You sigh again, placing your forehead into the palm of your hand, knowing full well that this means your night is going to be ruined... “Alright. I’ll do it.” ...but it would still be better than letting her down. As Petunia cheers and hugs you, however, you begin to wonder whether or not being polite was really the best choice to make, but if it really does turn out to be party hats and streamers, how bad could it possibly be?Later that night…In all honesty, you were mostly exaggerating with how bad your knee hurt earlier. Sure, it hurt like a dickens when you initially hit the ground, and it didn’t get much better after walking home on it with nothing to support you, but it it was never really in that much pain to begin with. In fact, it isn’t until you knock on Petunia’s front door that you even remember that you were wailing about how much your knee hurt earlier.Then, as the door opens in front of you, you look down to see Petunia uncharacteristically not covered in dirt, giving you a smile that makes you glad you didn’t blow her off. “Anon! You’re here! Come in, come in!”Upon entering into her cozy little home, however, the first thing you notice is how awkwardly quiet it is. You had been expecting loud music, obnoxious streamers or even just chatty parents bragging about their little girl, but instead, you don’t hear anything other than the sound of the door closing behind you.“How’s your knee, by the way?”“Oh, it’s good. Umm… Is anyone else here?”Petunia tilts her head to the side, scrunching her mouth quizzically. “I thought you didn’t want me to invite anypony.”“Yeah, but like, aren’t your parents here?”“Oh! My parents said that they had a party of their own to go to, so it’s just going to be us tonight.”“And they’re OK with that?!”“They said it would be fine as long as there was an adult coming.”“But… I’m the adult.”“Yep, so it worked out perfectly!” At this point, you don’t know whether you should condemn her parents for being so irresponsible or whether you should find the nearest drug dealer to feed her alcohol mixed with weed… and R-rated movies. “So, even though it’s just going to be the two of us, I got us some orange punch and party cake!”Finally, something you had been expecting! With Petunia leading you into the kitchen, you look up to see a large banner that says “Congratulations!” along with a bunch of balloons scattered all across the floor. Then, on the kitchen table, there sits a large punch bowl and a large chocolate cake along with dinosaur bones drawn out in white frosting. Admittedly, orange punch and chocolate cake don’t exactly sound like the best combination in the world, but neither do the apple cider and hay chips you have waiting back home.“How big a slice did you want, Anon?” Petunia asks, grabbing a big knife with her mouth and leaning over the cake.“Celestia Almighty! Do your parents stop you from doing anything?!”Again, Petunia looks up with confusion in her eyes. “They stop me from crossing the street before looking both ways.”“Right… I’ll have a regular-sized piece, I guess.”Just as you turn your head, however, you hear Petunia let out a small “ow”, and your body immediately tenses up with the color draining from your face. Her parents are going to come home, find out that the two of you were alone unsupervised, and think that you had tried to hurt her in order to have your way with her! Game over, man! Game over!“Sorry, I bumped my knee against the table,” Petunia says with a chuckle. “Now I know how you must’ve felt earlier today. I’m still really sorry about that, by the way!”“Oh,” you respond as the color of your skin slowly returns. “Don’t worry about it, really. Hey, do your parents have any rules about eating on the couch?”“Yeah,” she says, placing your slice of cake on a paper plate. “They don’t have any rules about eating in my room, though, if you wanted to do that.”Oh, Celestia, you’re going to prison, aren’t you?“Wouldn’t you rather just eat here?”“Oh! I just remembered something! I have this totally cool skeleton of a spiny-backed ponysaurus that I found in my backyard! You wanna see it? It’s in my bedroom, so we can have the rest of our party up there!”You curse at yourself for even bringing it up, but maybe with her parents being as apparently lax as they are, even if they do come home early, maybe they won’t freak out when they see the two of you together. You’re a little on edge thinking about it, but the only thing scarier than imagining what could happen is the idea of telling her you want to leave and possibly ruining her special day.“Sure,” you say, grabbing your cake and punch. “Why don’t you show me your room?”As Petunia grabs her punch with her tail and her own paper plate with her teeth, she quickly skips away from her table and starts leading you upstairs, making you consciously look down so that you don’t accidentally stare at her butt. Once she finally opens the door to her room, though, your jaw drops slightly. You had been expecting posters of boy bands, fashion magazines, perfume bottles or even just toys all over the floor, but this looks more like a museum of rare artifacts than it does a little girl’s bedroom.“Ta-daaa! Do you like it?”“Wow, Petunia!” you say, taking a seat on her bed and looking around at all the stuff she’s collected. “Did you discover all these things?”“Yup!” she sings, walking over to a skeleton by her window. “This is the spiny-backed ponysaurus I found in my backyard that I was telling you about! Pretty cool, huh? My parents said I was allowed to keep him, so he’s kinda like my pet. I named him Rex.”As you begin drinking your punch, you do your best not to accidentally laugh, both to spare her feelings and to keep her carpet from getting dirty. “Does he know any tricks?”“Not really. You know what they say about teaching prehistoric fossils new tricks. He’s really good at playing dead, though.”This time, you legitimately need to put your cake and punch onto her nearby nightstand to keep yourself from accidentally making a mess as you begin laughing hysterically, covering your mouth so she doesn’t see your stupid smile. “And what do your friends think of Rex? Do you have to hide him from their dogs when you take him on walks?” While you begin grabbing your sides laughing at your own joke, though, Petunia’s smile begins to fade, making you wonder how you could have possibly screwed that up.“I… I don’t have any friends.”Welp, congratulations. You managed to ruin her night already.“Sure you do,” you lie, having no idea what her social life is like. “Everyone has friends, right?”“Do you have many friends, Anon?”Crap! How did she know?! “Not many, but… it’s better to have a few good friends than lots of acquaintances.”Petunia then takes a seat on the bed beside you, frowning at the floor. “Well, I don’t have any. I bet it sure is nice to have at least a couple friends that you can play with.”“Hold on a second… What makes you think you don’t have any friends?”“Look around you, Anon! That’s why!”You look around again for some clue as to why ponies would hate her, but nothing in this room is anything short of amazing. “What are you talking about, Petunia? Everything here is incredible, and you did it all by yourself!”“EXACTLY!” The message is beginning to sink in at this point, but her eyes are also starting to grow red with her voice becoming sad mumbles. “I never had anypony who liked the same things as me. Everypony else wanted to play with toy cars or fly kites. I wanted to dig holes. When everypony else was talking about cartoons and videogames, I was talking about ancient civilizations and cave paintings! Nopony ever wants to hang out with me. Their rooms are full of dolls and toys. My room is filled with creepy skeletons! That’s why…”Petunia sniffles, finally releasing all of her emotions until her body shakes from her sobs.“That’s why I wanted you to come over so bad! That’s why I want to share the credit for the equiosaurus we found earlier! That way maybe I could at least feel like I have someone that I can connect with. I just wanted a friend so bad… I’m sorry, Anon! I’m sor--”Before she can finish her sentence, you pull her into a big hug, physically preventing her from saying the words you don’t want to hear. She responds, however, by crying even harder, burying her face into your shirt as you run your fingers through her mane, holding her tighter with your other arm to give her some sort of comfort. You aren’t even doing this out of pity, either, because deep down, part of you has felt the same way ever since you were summoned to this crazy world.Finally, once her sobs begin to calm down, you gradually release her from your grip, allowing her to bring a hoof to her cheeks and wipe up the remaining tears from her eyes. “I’m sorry, Anon.”“If you say you’re sorry one more time, I’m gonna get Rex to come attack you.” Petunia giggles, sniffling one more time and taking in a deep breath to calm herself down. “Listen, Petunia. I don’t want you to feel like you don’t matter. I’m just a little nervous being around ponies I just met is all.”“Do you think... I got the wrong cutie mark?”“What? No way! I think your talent is incredible! You’re incredible! Everything in this room is incredible!”“Then… how come nopony likes me?”You take in what she says with a sigh, rubbing her back while you think of the perfect thing to say to make her feel better. “Petunia, how many foals in your class have their cutie mark?”“Two. I was actually the first to get mine. Purple Tulip got hers after me. Her talent is floral arrangement.”“And is Purple Tulip the most popular kid at school?”“She was… until she started spending more time at her mom’s flower store.”You can see the wheels turning in Petunia’s head, waiting for that one push where she finally realizes that there’s nothing wrong with her. “OK, then how about this? What is the one thing everyone in your class likes to do most?”The filly beside you puts a hoof to her lip, but after thinking it over for several moments, she says, “I don’t think there’s any one thing. They like playing with toys, going on picnics, reading comics and stuff like that.”“You see?!” Petunia scrunches her lips in deep thought again, but shakes her head when the message doesn’t sink in. “All those kids like to do all kinds of things, but none of them have their cutie mark yet. Eventually, when they find the one thing they like to do more than anything else, they’ll start doing that even though they’re probably the only pony in class who likes that thing! You like archeology, right?”“Yeah. It’s my favorite thing in the whole world!”“Then do what makes you happy! Of course, you might need to start doing things like going on picnics every once in a while to spend time with other ponies, but you’re doing that right now! This party is proof that you can easily make friends! You just met me today, yet we’re in your room having a party together! Why can’t you do that with the other ponies in your class?”“Because… I’m a little scared.”You can’t help but bring her into another hug, rocking back and forth as her heart finally falls back into its normal rhythm. “Don’t be scared. You’re a nice filly with cool interests, and if you ever need somepony to talk to about archeology…” You then pull away to look deep into her eyes. “...I’ll always be here for you.”Both you and Petunia smile, staring into each other’s eyes without saying a word. There’s a peaceful feeling in the room where the two of you can just enjoy each other’s company, knowing that even though you may not be the best archeologist in Equestria, you can still talk--“MFFMM!!”“Oh, my gosh! I’m so sorry, Anon!”Your face then grows red, burning on the inside with steam practically fuming out your ears. Not in anger… just total, sudden surprise.“It’s… fine?”“I’m sorry! Please, please, please don’t tell my parents that I kissed you!”You may not have kissed many women in your life, let alone ponies, but this was definitely the first time you had ever shared a kiss with a filly who just barely got her cutie mark. Could it even be considered sharing a kiss? She kind of just attacked you. Yeah, that’s a good thing to tell the police. You could tell them you were pinned down! It all happened so fast!“You probably want to go home now, don’t you?” “No!” you shout, grabbing her by the hooves, even though leaving would probably be the smart thing to do here. Why does she have to be so cute? “I’m not mad! I didn’t mind it at all!”You laugh awkwardly, but Petunia doesn’t seem to share your response. “Then… can we do it again?”“...Huh?”“You… told me not to be scared earlier… I know we just met today, but I’ve never felt like anypony really noticed me before. Ever since you first fell into that hole I dug, I’ve felt like… I could just be myself around you. You actually came to my party, and you’ve made me so happy all night. Anon… I think I like you.”Crap. Get out of there now! Make up an excuse! Hurt her feelings if you have to! You’re in a dangerous situation, one that could royally screw you in the long run! It doesn’t matter how cute she is! Just get out! Now!“So… c-can I kiss you again?”“...”“...”“...Yes.”Before you even have the time to change your mind, Petunia leans her face forward, planting a gentle kiss on your lips with her soft mouth as you reach your arm around her back, pulling her closer. Instead of running away, you press your lips against hers, running your hand through her mane as she wraps her hooves around your neck. At this point, it’s too late to back out, but even so, you feel a strange tug at your heartstrings, almost like even though she’s a filly, for some reason, you don’t want to let her go. Despite how dangerous this situation is, it’s actually… kind of magical.Once your kiss breaks, the first thing you see is Petunia smiling, brushing her bangs out of her face as her cheeks grow a bright red. “So that’s kissing, huh?” she asks with a giggle, looking away with an adorable timidness.“Yeah, not exactly all it’s cracked up to be, right?”“I liked it.” She keeps smiling and looking away. It’s actually so funny that you burst out laughing.“Really? You like kissing already?”“As long as it’s with you. Yeah.”This time, when she looks up at you, she doesn’t look away, even though she still holds that perfect smile, and before you know it, your eyes begin to close as you pull her into another passionate kiss. Time seems to stand still with nothing else in the world mattering in that moment but the filly in your arms, making your heart beat so fast that you worry she might be able to feel it popping out of your chest. Just as you begin to worry, though, you can feel her own heart, beating through her chest as she pulls you in tighter, almost as if she wants you to feel how much her heart is beating. All the while, you can feel Petunia’s lips curling upward like she’s smiling as she kisses you.Your entire body is starting to act funny, whether it’s your breathing, which begins to pick up like you’re running a marathon or your skin, which starts to burn while at the same time getting goosebumps. Your feet are practically rising off the floor, your hands are trembling, and your pants are growing two sizes too thin--OH, BALLS! THAT’S AN ERECTION!Quickly, you pull Petunia off your body, laying her on her bed and hoping she didn’t notice your shaft trying to poke at her from below. Then, rising to your feet, you say, “This was really fun, Petunia! Maybe I’ll see you around town, but I think now’s the best time to--”“What’s that?”She then points straight to your crotch, and you don’t even need to look down to realize that your dick is poking out at a horizontal angle, directly facing the filly you were just mouth-to-mouthing. “That would be…” you begin, trying to think of some kind of excuse. An eggplant! A ruler! Your grandmother’s ashes! Anything! “...my penis.”Of course, Petunia responds by covering her adorable face to hide how much she’s giggling, which only makes your sad erection grow even bigger. This is just like that time in middle school where that one kid thought it would be funny to pull your shorts down in gym class, and everyone started pointing and laughing at you, including the teacher! Seriously, how did nobody get in trouble for--“Can I see it?”Her question catches you off guard, but rather than apologizing like you were hoping, she looks you directly in the eye, waiting patiently for your answer. Of course, you were already on your way out the door, but for some reason, instead of leaving, you gulp audibly, nod your head and timidly say, “...Yes.”At this point, you can see Petunia’s chest rising and falling just as violently as yours is, but seeing as how at this point you’ve lost all logical brainpower, you move your hand down to the button of your pants and slowly pull it off. Somehow, Petunia’s eyelids start to lower, yet her eyes are more fixated than ever, staring adamantly as you pull down your zipper and pull your jeans down your legs. Your erection is still pointing directly forward, stretching your boxers so much that the hem of the fabric is being pulled away from your stomach, and in the meantime, Petunia tries to get a better look by lifting her head discreetly to peak over your underwear. Saving her the trouble, however, you grab the end at both sides of you hip, pulling them down your legs and flinging your erect penis into the air, bobbing in front of Petunia’s curious face.“So…” you begin as Petunia’s mouth curls into an almost giggle. “This is my penis.”“Can I touch it?”Why not?! At this point, you’ll be lucky to be banished to Tartarus, supposing you’re not part of some kind of alternate reality program where everyone back home is pointing and laughing at you. With the nod of your head, you steadily approach Petunia, who shakily moves her hoof up to your dick and grabs you gently, making you shudder from the soft sensation of a female’s touch. Without even needing to give her instructions, however, she begins moving her hoof back and forth, making your eyes squeeze shut as she takes control of your body.“It’s kind of funny-looking.”“Yeah, everyone back home says the same thing.”“What do you do with it? Do you just pee?”Your cock suddenly bounces again at her cute naivety. “Weeeeeellll, that’s one thing I use it for.”“What about that?”She then points directly below your shaft at your balls, making this even more embarrassing than it already was. “Those are my testicles.”The word makes her giggle hysterically, to the point where she legitimately falls onto her side, rolling around on her bed. “What are they used for?”And now for the biggest mistake of the night! “Do you want me to show you?”“Sure!”Petunia’s voice has a calming joyousness, like she’s completely unaware of anything that could ever hurt her, but at the same time, maybe that just means that you’re the one being vulnerable here. “You know, Petunia, this isn’t something that I can just do myself. I’m going to need your help. Is that OK?”“Yeah! What do I do?”With a gulp, you say, “I need you to show me your private parts too.” Suddenly, the grin drops from her face. She doesn’t look scared, sad or angry. Just nervous. “You don’t have to if you don’t want to! I promise I’ll still be your friend even if you say no!”Petunia then looks away for several moments, obviously debating with herself whether or not she’s ready to show her most private area, but after the few moments are up, she looks you in the eyes, pulls herself up and plants one more kiss on your lips, which you savor every second of. “OK,” she says, turning her body around. “I trust you.”The words pierce you to your core, but right at that moment, she lifts her tail, revealing her small filly vulva along with her clenched butthole, both of which are more beautiful than you could have ever imagined. Your dick is now throbbing at an unhealthy level, stretching so much that you’re in pain trying to hold it back, and the only way you know how to fix it is by doing what your body is telling you to do. Finally, with your whole body quivering, you steadily take a step forward, approaching the completely exposed foal.“Alright, Petunia. I’m about to touch you, so let me know if there’s any moment when you want me to stop. Promise?”“I promise.”This is it. Unless some outside force stops you, you’re really going to go through with having sex with a little girl you just met. With your whole body shivering, you gradually move your shaking hands to the base of Petunia’s tail, running your fingers all the way down her leg and back up to her round rump. Then, holding your breath, you ease your fingertips to the center of her backside, trailing them down to her filly lips, making both of you jump in surprise to each other’s touch.“Are you still good?” you ask.“Yeah, I’m fine,” she responds, and as far as you can tell, she’s being sincere. With another breath of courage, you run your fingertips against her netherlips once more, gently separating the folds and sliding your way inside, making her gasp with one hoof to her mouth. When she looks back at you, you expect to see fear, but instead, the look on her face is more surprised, maybe even verging towards arousal. Just to make sure, though, you slide your finger in an inch deeper, making her back shudder and her eyes close as her front hooves begin to collapse forward, inviting your finger even further inside her hole. You may just be imagining things, but it doesn’t seem like she’s all that nervous anymore.You now begin to take more liberty with your finger, rubbing the sides of her inner walls while pushing it in further, to which Petunia responds by lifting her backside higher into the air. This may be the first time she has felt this sensation before, not the feeling of having something penetrating her (although that’s probably a first too), but the feeling of wetness growing between her legs. As her lower tunnels coat your finger with a thin lubricant, her breathing starts picking up, growing more and more audible the more your maneuver yourself around her insides. All the while, her inner muscles begin gripping you tighter, grabbing your finger and pulling it closer to her cervix.Once you feel like she’s started getting comfortable with something being inside her, you run your second finger across her labia, hinting that you’re about to try fitting another finger inside. Petunia then responds by grabbing a hooffull of bedsheets and stuffing them into her face, looking back at your hand while she pleads with her eyes for you to stop teasing her. With a smile growing on your face, you then gently stretch apart her fillyhood and fit your second finger through, causing her whole face to tense up as a cute, quiet squeak escapes from her lungs.“How does it feel?” you ask, never stopping the motion between her legs.“It feels really good,” she responds with a heavy breath. “I’m really glad you came to my party, Anon.”Her words make you smile even wider, and now there’s no way you can disappoint a filly this cute. Quickly, you pull your fingers out of the foal’s vagina, to which she jerks her head back in protest until your tongue runs up her lower lips at an agonizing slowness, causing her upper body to collapse onto her bed. Mainly, though, you’re just double checking to make sure she’s ready for the real deal, and as you pull your tongue away, a long strand of her natural secretion trails between your mouth and her pussy, confirming what you needed to know.“OK, Petunia. You said you wanted to know what these things are used for. Are you ready to find out?”“Are you going to put it inside me?” Her words catch you off guard, making you rethink whether or not you should go through with the plan after all, just in case she isn’t ready, but looking back into your eyes, she nods her head and says, “Then go ahead, Anon. I’m ready.” If her words aren’t enough to melt your heart, her smile does the trick, complemented by her sparkling eyes that seem to cause your whole body to tense up. She was already a beautiful girl, but the way that she looks at you, talks to you, smiles at you, everything she does seems to send your heart racing more and more.Finally, with a stupid smile spreading across your face even wider than before, you grab hold of her rump, angle your dick towards her opening and slowly, steadily, push yourself between her legs, taking her virginity.Petunia immediately shrieks in what you can’t tell is pain or pleasure, but before you get the chance to pull back out, she reaches behind her, grabs hold of your cock and angles it again, sliding even more of your skin into her folds. You can’t go all the way inside her, both because she’s so tight and because you’re too big in general, but even so, the two of you continue to try as Petunia pushes her hips back towards yours, making you grab harder around her waist. Wetness begins filling her vagina more so than before, coating your dick with warmth while you gently find your way in and out, searching for that perfect rhythm that works for the both of you. While you figure out how fast you want to go, though, Petunia’s eyes squeeze shut, breathing deeply through her mouth as her entire body moves forward with each thrust.You’ve never felt anything as tight as her vagina clenching around your cock, massaging it with her inner crevices while kissing you with her lower lips. It feels so good that something as simple as breathing begins to take extra focus, just because all the other senses in your body are too overwhelmed with the gratification to concentrate. Once you perk up your ears, however, you can tell she feels the same way, with the side of her face resting on top of her sheets, heaving out passionate sighs.“Let me know if you want to stop,” you say, noticing how much she’s tensing up.“Don’t stop! Please. Keep going! It feels so good!”By now, you assume it isn’t just your own narcissism talking when you guess that this is probably the best she’s ever felt in her life, and if you can just hang on a little longer, you can deliver her her very first orgasm as well. For that to happen, though, you realize that you can’t finish too soon, which is becoming more and more difficult based on how her vagina seems to grip you in all the right places. In fact, just as soon as the thought of orgasms comes to mind, you immediately feel the need to stop, just so you don’t ejaculate prematurely, but the sudden interruption makes Petunia lift herself from her bed, looking back at you with pleading eyes.“Hang on a sec,” you say, lifting her up and readjusting both of your bodies. “I just want to try out a new position.” Of course, this new position is keeping you from splooging before she gets to cum herself, but you don’t need to tell her that part. Instead, Petunia looks up at you with a confused stare until you sit back on the bed, placing her on top of your crotch and sliding your shaft back into her fillyhood.Without missing a beat, she immediately returns to her high-pitched sighs, gradually growing louder and gripping onto your shoulders as you bounce her on top of your lap. Her adorable face continues to scrunch up from her arousal with no clue what to do with her body other than grip you with all her strength as if her life were on the line. With one of your hands pulling her scrunchy out of her mane and the other one trailing against her spine, she reflexively reels her head back, taking in a deep, surprised breath and exhales a loud, horny moan. As soon as it’s out, though, she quickly brings her hooves to her mouth as her cheeks grow red with bashfulness.“It’s OK, Petunia. You can moan.”“But… it’s embarrassing…”You chuckle momentarily before running your hand under her chin, bringing her into a passionate kiss. “Lots of girls do it. You have nothing to be embarrassed about. Actually, I kinda liked it.”This time it’s her turn to giggle. “You like it when I moan?”“Yeah! In fact, I want to see if I can get you to scream.”Her giggling continues. “You mean like this?” Before you know how to react, however, she begins moaning at the top of her voice, filling the room with the sounds of her arousal and causing your dick to twitch, making you stop momentarily to keep yourself from jizzing on the spot. Once she stops for a brief instant to see your reaction, all you can do is nod your head, making her smile and scream again while you nearly keel over in lust.You’re obviously skidding towards the finish line, ready to blow your load inside her the moment she accidentally touches you in the right place, and if you hope to give her her first orgasm before you cum yourself, you realize that you need to make it happen right freaking now. Finding a new position, you press her back onto the bed, pinning her down and humping her as hard as you can, hoping that if you just bite your lip, you can keep yourself back for just a half-minute longer. Petunia, however, is making it extremely difficult to repress your urges as she screams at the top of her lungs, ringing in your ears with her naturally high-pitched voice ascending to upper octaves. In fact, as she opens her eyes momentarily, it almost looks like she gives you a sultry wink before returning to her aroused wails, and that’s basically the final nail in the coffin for you.You feel a slight twinge in your balls, not making its way out just yet, but you can feel on the inside that it’s getting ready to explode at any minute. In the meantime, you pump your hips as deep into Petunia’s vagina as you can, slamming against her cervix despite how much her inner walls grip you. Her hooves grab hold of your lower back with each moan becoming more feminine than the last. Maybe you still have a chance! Just a couple more seconds! You’re now racing against your own body, which you feel constricting below your shaft, rising up into your body and threatening to escape at any second, but you keep humping her with all your energy until--“Ah. Ah! AH! AAAAAAHHHHHH!!!”There it is! With one final plunge, pushing your cock in as deep as you can fit it, you begin pouring semen inside her as her own orifice pulsates around your dick. Liquids stream out of both your holes, gushing lubrication from her vagina while you decorate her insides with semen. At first you wonder whether or not you should be creampieing her right now, but knowing that it would keep her from having to explain how semen got on her bed (or face), you’re willing to take your chances. Besides, she seems to be enjoying it as her whole body thrashes on her bed, twitching every time you feel her insides pulsate, which of course makes you cum even more. Right now, in this moment, as the two of you share an orgasm together, everything seems perfect and peaceful, keeping both of your crotches operating at full blast until they gradually simmer down into a light trickle with one final shot pumping into her womb.Then, there’s silence. There’s the sound of the both of you panting extremely hard, but other than that, the room is silent. It isn’t like it’s an awkward quietness either, especially since the moment you finally pull your dick out--trying not to let any sperm escape her lower lips while you collapse onto the bed beside her--the both of you smile wide at the ceiling. You may not be looking at each other’s faces, but you can still tell that she’s smiling back at you. Finally, pulling yourself onto your side, you lean over her body and place a kiss onto her lips, cupping her cheek with your palm as she wraps both her tiny hooves around your shoulders.“I hope you enjoyed that,” you say, not really knowing what else to tell her, but fortunately for you, her lips grow even wider, placing one more quick peck on your mouth.“I’ve had a lot of fun tonight. I’m so glad you fell into my hole earlier.” Before you can make a joke, though, she cuts you off and says, “Not that hole.”“Oh, right. You’re talking about the one where you almost broke my kneecap.”“I offered you my scrunchy!” You laugh out loud, making her pout with her air in her cheeks. “ANYWAY! I called the Equestrian Center of Archeological Research today, and I know you said you don’t want any of the credit, but… are you sure you don’t want me to say we found it together? I think it would be kind of fun for them to take a picture of the both of us standing together... right next to where we met.”You can’t help but smile stupidly, brushing her mane to the side as you stare into her gorgeous gray eyes. You were so hesitant about it before, just so that you wouldn’t have to deal with her any longer than you had to, but now that you actually know a little bit about her, posing next to her in a picture doesn’t sound like a bad idea. “Yeah, I think I’d like that.”“Really?! Ohhhh thank you, thank you, thank you!!” Petunia then engulfs your body into a big hug, holding you with her face against your heart, which again she can probably feel beating through your chest, but rather than push her off like you would have at the beginning of the night, you hold her closer. In the time you’ve spent in Ponyville, even though you’ve found mares attractive in their own ways, none of them have made such an impact as this little filly. None of them have made your heart race like her, and honestly, you can’t think of a better feeling than what you have right now.“Anon?”“Yes, Petunia?”“Will you… stay with me until my parents get home?”You can’t help but chuckle and place one more kiss atop her forehead. “Yeah, and for the record…” Pulling her face out of your chest, she looks directly into your eyes with a genuine smile that you can’t put into words, and all you can do is offer your same goofy grin. “...I think I like you too.” Staying until her parents get home suddenly doesn’t feel like long enough. You’ll stay with her for as long as you possibly can. In fact, it may just be your hormones talking, but in this moment, you hope her parents never come home.*Slam!*“Petuniaaaa! We’re hoooome!”To the windooooow!“You’re a good pony, Anon.”You simply grumble back to the changeling king, face buried so deep in his chest fuzz that even if you’d attempted to form a coherent thought, it would have been lost anyway.Being called a good pony typically shouldn’t be the kind of thing that causes a grumble in anyone. It’s a pretty nice compliment, all things considered. The circumstances of tonight, however, have you a bit on edge. It all happened within the last fifteen minutes, and the memory of it is so vivid in your head, it’s almost like it’s a flashback at an abnormally early part of a story.~~~~~~~~~~You’re sitting in your room, face buried in a book. You were never really a big reader, but every once in a while some story would grab your attention. Admittedly, the most common reasons for you to pick up a book back home were either to make a girl think you look smart or because a girl gave you the book and you wanted to impress her by showing that you cared about her interests. You figure this instance could be seen as the latter. Thorax lent you this book a couple of days ago, and while “A Tale of Two Chitins” didn’t really sound like something that would grab your interest, you gave it a chance for him, and now you have to admit that you’re enjoying it.The more you think of it, the funnier it is how many things in this world are named similarly to things back home, but with some sort of horse or bug pun. You laughed for a good minute straight the first time you heard Princess Cadance say she was going to Whinneapolis, and the poor pink pony had no idea what was so funny. Not telling her was an awesome decision.Your thoughts are interrupted by a frantic knocking on your bedroom door. You weren’t expecting company, and you have half a mind to open that door and make an improvised projectile out of one of your pillows. It’s one in the goddamn morning, this had better be good.“Anoooon! It’s Cornicle! Can I come in?”Okay, that’s an acceptable interruption. And you’d feel awful about hitting that cutie in the face with a pillow, so she gets off easy.“Door’s open,” you call out. You’re already feeling lewd thoughts pop into your head as she opens the door. A pretty young thing knocking on your door this late at night? How could your mind not wander like that? It’s far more likely that she’s here for some innocuous reason, but a guy can hope, can’t he? And the sway in her step isn’t helping matters as she enters your room and walks towards your bed.“Heyyy,” Cornicle says with a smile.“Hey yourself,” you reply, sliding a bookmark into your page and closing the book so you can focus your full attention on the cutie in front of you.“Can I sit here?” Cornicle asks, indicating the space next to you on your bed.“Sure,” you respond, patting the bed with a hoof and giving her an inviting smile. She plops herself down and leans lightly on your side. Ever since the kissing incident with Thorax, Cornicle’s been happy to get closer to you as well. Even though you spend most of your snuggle time with Thorax, you’ve had a few turns with her as well. It’s a much different situation with her as you’re pretty much the same size, but it feels fantastic. Things haven’t gone farther than snuggles and a kiss or two here and there, but you’d be quite okay with it if they did. You could practically imagine her turning to you, staring at you with those big purple eyes, and asking you to fuck her silly.But that's ridiculous. You know her well enough by this point to know that she would never suddenly throw herself at you like that. And she especially wouldn't curse. If anything, she'd probably say something more innocent-sounding like "Let's fornicate." It's still not a situation that would ever happen though."Let's fornicate," Cornicle says, turning to you and staring at you with those big purple eyes.If you had a drink, you would have just spit it out in shock. You aren't thirsty, however, although it sure seems like Cornicle is."Come again?" you sputter, a bit too surprised to appreciate your accidental wordplay."Let's fornicate!" Cornicle repeats, before starting to giggle. "It'll be a lot of fun!"You're hesitating and you're not entirely sure why. It does sound like a lot of fun, but something just feels off about the whole thing. It's just not like her to be that blatant about that kind of request. Cornicle is more than happy to ask for kisses and hugs, but this is just a smidge past that.Your first thought is that it's another changeling posing as her. The whole "capable of changing their entire physical makeup" thing does kind of lend itself to the possibility. You don't have the faintest idea why another changeling would pose as Cornicle to do the nasty with you–other than your rugged good looks, of course–but it's certainly a possibility."Cast a null spell on yourself," you say, praying to whatever the horse god might be that this doesn't ruin the mood if this is really her. Thorax taught you nice and early that all changelings know a null spell that cancels all transformations within a small area, including their own. Knowing the changelings' penchant for love, it's entirely possible that a situation like this may have been the intended purpose of said spell.Cornicle gives you a painfully cute little confused look, then smiles and nods. She raises her neck up and that spiky little horn on her forehead glows a pale purple. There's a little pulse of light that emanates from it, and when it vanishes, Cornicle's smiling face remains. That was the exact appearance that Thorax described for the null spell, so you can't help but believe that...A scent hangs in the air. You've never smelled a changeling female's arousal before, as far as you're aware, but you can imagine that this is it, and the way it permeates your senses is practically intoxicating. Of course changelings would have a potent scent."Can we fornicate now?" Cornicle asks, shifting slightly on the bed. “Or...what’s that dirty word for it...oh! Fuck! Can we fuck? Please?”Holy shit. Hearing that word in that cute little voice is just stunning.The next thing you know, your hooves are wrapped around her small frame and your lips pressed against hers. You’d have to be a complete fool to pass this opportunity up, and you’re only like 65% fool at most. The cute lil’ changeling reacts quite well to your initiative and cuddles up in your embrace, smooching back like your affection is the only sustenance she’s had in weeks. You’ve been imagining this moment since not long after you met Cornicle, and while it’s not going exactly the way you’d imagined, you’re still pretty damn happy that it’s happening.You carefully shift positions, bringing the strangely-amorous changeling with you and tenderly resting her back against your mattress. To say that there’s a stirring down below is a damn understatement; there’s so much stirring going on that soup makers would be lining up for the chance to use your shaft in their concoctions.Wait. Shit, that metaphor kind of got out of hand. Less thinking about sticking your dick in soup, more thinking about sticking it somewhere else.Although now that you’re thinking about soup, that’s got your mind on the topic of tastes and flavors. Despite the expected place that your mind could take that, there’s a more pressing issue at the moment. There’s something amiss about this kiss, and you swear you didn’t intend to rhyme there. You thought you had smelled something slightly familiar as the two of you began to kiss, but now that your tongue is exploring Cornicle’s mouth, there’s a very distinct taste, one that you recognize fairly quickly despite the fact that you haven’t had any since arriving here.It’s your second favorite thing that starts with B-O-O: booze.That would certainly explain the change in behavior. You didn’t take sweet little Cornicle for a drinker, but you didn’t take her for the type to come ask you to stick it in her either, and look where you are now.You pull away from the kiss, trying to make it look more casual than anything else. Your primal urges are begging you to get back to what you were doing, but those pesky morals that only show themselves once in a blue moon have chosen this particular moment to remind you that they do, in fact, exist.A girl has entered your room, wanting to fuck. She is intoxicated and acting far different than she does while sober. And it’s obvious she’s intoxicated and not just a little tipsy now that you’re looking at the situation with these infuriatingly woke lenses. The sway in her step, the way she leaned on you the moment she sat down, the way her eyes seem slightly unfocused...you’re not usually able to tell that kind of thing with changeling eyes, so the fact that it’s now incredibly evident in them is about the reddest of red flags that there is.You want to bed her so badly. Look, she’s even spread her hind legs to invite you to do just that. And what a sight that is...changelings, like ponies, typically walk around without clothes, but you’ve tried to be polite and not stare at what they’re all packing down there. Now she’s giving you front row seats to her own private party, and while you can’t help but observe, your stupid brain just can’t allow you to partake of those invitingly glistening folds...that look so soft and warm...Focus. You want to bed her, but not like this. Well, you still want to, but you know you’d have to sit there and feel guilty, and then who knows how she’ll react tomorrow morning when she wakes up sober and wondering why she’s so sore...you know what the right decision is, and as little as you like it...“I’m going to get you some water,” you tell her. That’ll buy you some time to think about how to get out of this without upsetting her.“Okay!” Cornicle chirps. “And then we’ll do the fuck?”God dammit that is hot. Syntax be damned, you’re ready to just adopt that as a regular saying.Focus.You give her a noncommittal nod before retreating to the kitchen. You pour a nice glass of cold water and throw it on your face. Then you pour a second glass of cold water. This one douses your poor Anon Jr., who clearly was not expecting that. The third glass of water stays in the glass, ready to be given to Cornicle. You buy yourself a little more time to think over what to say to her by deciding to clean up all the water you spilled. Totally part of the plan.The easiest thing to do is probably to talk to her and distract her with other things until she forgets about doing the fuck entirely, at which point you’ll walk her back to her room. The mere concept of talking her out of fucking you eats away at your soul, but you’ve been known to do the right thing every once in a while, even if it’s to your detriment. Once everything is dry, you head back into the bedroom. A bevy of topics to talk about balancing themselves in your mind like a giant Jenga set that your id is desperately trying to topple.“Hey,” you say as you walk in, glass of water balanced precariously on your dome. Getting used to not having hands and needing the next closest things to walk is a bitch, but you like to think you’ve adapted pretty well. “I got your...”And she’s fast asleep. Cornicle has passed out on your bed, limbs splayed everywhere and her privates still on full display. Talking the lovely drunken changeling out of a good hard dicking is no longer an issue.Now the issue is that she’s asleep in your bed.Cuddling up to her might not be too unwelcome. It wouldn’t be the first time you two have snuggled. But it still feels wrong to get all up on her when she’s passed out drunk, no matter how much you’d like to. With a heavy sigh, you drink the water, then walk over to your closet, emerging with another blanket. You cover her with it, careful not to wake her or to brush against anything inappropriate. You shake your head, admiring her cute face for a bit before giving her a little kiss on the forehead. Damn that adorable changeling, damn alcohol, and damn morals. You leave a quick note for her on the nighttable, and then it’s off to the only other place you can probably go to sleep right now. And probably a bit of venting frustration too.“Mmm...” the sleeping Cornicle mumbles just before you exit, squirming under the blanket you’ve provided for her. “Do the fuck with me, Anon...”You’re probably going to need to vent something else too.~~~~~~~~~~“I really appreciate you caring that much for one of my subjects,” Thorax coos as he runs a hoof through your mane, doing his best to comfort you.“Yeah, yeah...” you grumble, withstanding the urge to bang your head against him out of frustration like he was some manner of handsome, sentient table. He probably wouldn’t appreciate that.“And I’m sure Cornicle will appreciate it too, once she’s awake and sober,” Thorax assures you, before pausing thoughtfully. “I bet she’ll probably still want to fornicate with you when she’s sober, too. Even more so, given how considerate you were of her well-being.”“Heh...maybe...” you mutter, grinning ever so slightly as you look up at him. Thorax pounces on that almost instantly, as you should have expected.“There’s that smile,” he teases you. “You act all tough, but under that gruff exterior, you’re such a sweetheart. My cute, sweet little pony~”You blush harder still. He doesn’t usually get this intense with his teasing, and even though it’s embarrassing, a little part of you is basking in the praise.“My cute, sweet little blushy pony,” Thorax says with a giggle. Your cheeks turn redder as you look away. It’s not normally like you to be bashful, but holy crap is he laying it on thick, and holy crap are you reacting more strongly to it than you’d have expected. Is it...yes, it is. It’s definitely having an effect on Anon Jr. You don’t need to shift just yet, but it probably won’t be long. Why is this, of all things, turning you on so much?“I love my sweet little pony~” Thorax continues, easily egged on by the reaction he’s getting out of you.“L-love you too,” you reply. Did he really just make you stutter? What are you, a schoolgirl? You’re not left with much time to think about it, as you notice his pursed lips. You’re not turning down that offer. As you lean forward, he takes hold of you and shifts you slightly up his body so your faces can meet properly without so much stretching. Those forelegs hold you tenderly as you begin to kiss. His smooches seem especially insistent tonight, but you manage to match his enthusiasm, even when you feel those lips part.This is territory you two haven’t explored yet, but all things considered, you feel like it was only a matter of time until you did. You’ve actually been thinking about it for a little bit, so your mind is mostly ready when you feel Thorax’s tongue tentatively enter your mouth. You notice his eyes open and look at you inquisitively, as if asking for permission to keep moving in this direction without having to actually ask. It does take a tiny bit of mental effort to move forward, but after a few moments, you respond to his wordless question by licking at his tongue with your own. He seems delighted by this development, and the makeouts officially begin.You used to think you were pretty good at this when you used to make out with girls back home, but you also used to think that you were the one in control of the situation when it happened. This time, Thorax is clearly in control, and his soft, smooth, and very dexterous tongue easily overtakes yours, working inside your mouth like a pro. You try to take control, but he’s got you so beaten in this aspect that you quickly surrender to him. Letting him take the lead is so oddly relaxing, and you’re practically on autopilot until Thorax pulls away. You’re not certain how much time has passed, but you’re also not certain you care.“Ooh, that was such a nice surprise,” Thorax giggles, hugging you tenderly. “I’ve been wanting to do that for a bit, but I wasn’t sure how you’d feel. Then I just...decided to try! I’m glad I did.” Then he wiggles his midsection teasingly. “And it seems to have stirred something up, too~”You blush, but you knew that there was no getting around him noticing. You’re rock hard, and the feeling of that semi-chitinous midsection rubbing against it sure ain’t helping.You take a breath as you think things over. You were so ready to get it on with Cornicle before her blood alcohol level became an obvious issue, so that alone had left you feeling more than a bit needy. Thorax treating you like this, combined with that exhilarating make out session, has wound you up even more. And he did say a while ago that he’d be more than willing to help...Are you really going to ask your bro for this?He shifts a bit again, that alluring midsection rubbing against your shaft and sending another tingle down your spine.You’re really going to ask your bro for this.“...Hey Thorax?”“Yes, sweetie?” Thorax replies. He stares at you with such reverence, as if you’re the most important thing in the world to him right now. God dammit your heart is melting.“Uh...” you start, trying to figure out how to word it. “I...uh...I mean, I’m feeling kind of...”He stares at you, that smile never leaving his face. He probably already knows exactly what you want, with his whole “being able to sense emotions” thing he’s got going on. He probably wants you to be the one to say it, though. And you want that too, honestly.“Could you...uh...” you stammer shyly. “Maybe...help me out?” You give your hips a little wiggle for emphasis. Thorax’s smile grows, but he’s not letting you off the hook that easily.“Help you out how?” the jerk asks. You give him a look, and he waggles his eyebrows suggestively.“You know...” you say awkwardly, eyes darting back and forth between his eyes and anything else as you wiggle your hips again. The way that part of his body rubs against your member is more pleasant than you ever could have expected, so much so that you wiggle a little more just for the sensation.“Are you going to ask me or are you going to hump my belly all night?” Thorax purrs. Your ears fold back against your head as you giggle nervously. The guy’s got you wrapped around his hoof, and now you need to get his hoof wrapped around you.“Ugh...” you groan. “I want to know if you’ll...you know...” Then you take a deep breath. Gotta just put it out there. No more lollygagging; he knows what you want, he wants to hear you say it, and you have to say it now. “I’m really pent up, and if you’d be so kind as to rub me off, I’d be much obliged.”There. It’s out there, and there’s no taking it back. Not that you intended to; you meant what you said, and trying to take it back would certainly make that smile fade from Thorax’s face anyway.“I’d be delighted,” Thorax responds. “Go on, roll over.”You’re quick to oblige, although it takes some effort to extract yourself from the comfortable position you’ve found yourself in. You’re sure the new position will be nice and comfy as well anyway. You push a bit against him as you turn your hips first, and even with the lack of pupils in his eyes, you can tell that his attention is now directly on your newly-revealed shaft, which is standing at full attention and practically begging for stimulation.“Wow,” Thorax whispers, hooves moving to help you turn over and get comfy. “What a sight...why didn’t you let me see this earlier? I love it.” The praise is equal parts embarrassing and endearing as you finally end up properly on your back, front hooves curled up awkwardly by your chest. You feel so exposed as Thorax looks down over your undercarriage, his hooves gently rubbing your sides to help you relax because of course he can tell that you’re nervous. His touch is soothing, and you do manage to calm down a bit. The one thing that’s not calming down is your erection, which throbs with need.“Are you ready?” Thorax asks, his right front hoof moving down to your hip and starting to slink closer to your package.“R-ready,” you stammer. His left hoof snakes over your chest and hugs you nice and close.“You’re sure?” Thorax asks. His right hoof is so close to your shaft that you can feel the heat from it.“I’m sure,” you respond, slightly more confident but not overly so.“If you don’t like anything that’s going on, just tell me, okay?” Thorax says. It’s nice to see him care so much about you, but you’re almost aching at this point from how badly you need his touch.“Just jerk me off already,” you hiss.Thorax doesn’t need to be told twice. He giggles at your insistence, and then you feel that hoof rest on the base of your shaft, just above your balls. Your hips jerk instinctually at the touch and a soft moan escapes your lips, much to your embarrassment. Despite your bold demand, the fact that you are laying on a guy’s belly as he touches your dick isn’t entirely lost on you. Thorax gently rubs your chest with his other hoof and shushes you, resting his chin just on top of your head and assuring you that it’s okay. His hoof ventures down to your sack, very carefully playing with your balls. He’s so tender with them, pushing them up and letting them rest on his hoof.“You’ve got so much here to play with, big guy,” Thorax teases, his other hoof rubbing your belly reassuringly. You blush and mumble a word of thanks. Ever since you became a pony, your bits have definitely been bigger than they had been, but you weren’t exactly trying to sneak a look at other stallions to compare, and a lack of internet makes it difficult to Google the average dong size for a horse. You’re not sure you want that in your browser history anyway...although it would be a lot more normal here than back home, you suppose.Your mind, which had been rapidly running off the rails for a bit there, turns back to the moment at hand as Thorax’s surprisingly soft hoof begins rubbing up and down your length. You tense up slightly again, but some more strokes, along with some reassuring words from Thorax, help you calm back down. His technique is so methodical and measured as he rubs from top to bottom and back again, every once in a while straying a little high to tease your tip or a little low to caress your balls. It’s not long before you’re utterly relaxed; putty in the hooves of your best bro in this world as he jacks you off.“There you go,” Thorax coos as he feels you go slack. “Just relax and let me do the work. And if you want me to stop, just say the word.”Stopping is not something that’s on your mind right now. A part of you tries to fantasize about Cornicle being the one to do this, but it doesn’t seem to stick. Every time you think you’ve got her in your head, Thorax makes one sound or another that reminds you of just who is playing with you. The longer you go, though, the less you care. Thorax has been so good to you this whole time. You’ve spent hours snuggling with him, kissing him, and all that jazz, and enjoyed every second of it. You love that green jerk, and isn’t this something people who love each other do sometimes? Even though you’d still love to get in bed with Cornicle at some point, you don’t need to fantasize about anyone other than the one who’s pleasuring you right now.Thorax’s pace begins to quicken, and you barely restrain the urge to buck your hips to go with his motion. You’re just too comfortable to shift about any. You were so pent up from your blueballing with Cornicle that you’re surprised you’ve even lasted this long. A number of soft, pleasured moans escape your lips as that hoof moves faster still, trying to finish you off. You hold back as long as you can, letting that pleasure build and relishing in that wonderful pre-climax feeling inside you. The rubbing increases to a fever pace, and you feel Thorax lean towards your ear.“Let it all out for me, Anon~” Thorax whispers.You let out a loud cry as you cum, rope after rope of white shooting up and onto your chest. You’re pretty sure a little landed on your chin, but you don’t care at this point. The throes of passion are too strong to ignore, and Thorax’s cheerful giggle adds an exclamation point to the situation as you hear how happy he is to have been able to do this for you. You’re really lucky to have been taken in by him upon your arrival.“Uh oh, somepony made a mess~” Thorax teases, patting your belly contentedly. “Did that feel good, Anon?”“Fuck yes,” you respond, not too concerned about his usual reaction to your cussing. To his credit, he doesn’t seem to react like that this time.Speaking of not reacting how you expected him to, there’s one integral reaction that has been noticeably lacking in him, and it’s not a verbal one. With the way you’re positioned on Thorax’s belly, you’re certain you would have felt his shaft underneath you. This concerns you slightly, even managing to break through the post-coitus ecstasy. You shouldn’t be terribly concerned about it, but its absence is notable. With the way he always is around you, could he really not be turned on by you?“Is something the matter?” Thorax asks as he cleans you up with some tissues. Damn changelings and their damn emotion radar.“I mean...” you say, shifting your rump a bit against him. “I’m having a good time, but are you?”“What do you mean?” Thorax asks. “Of course I am.”“Then why aren’t you...y’know...” You shake your rump again for emphasis. It takes a moment, but he eventually catches on. He’s a smart bug.“Oh!” Thorax exclaims, grinning awkwardly. “Heh...well, you see, changelings have a great amount of body control, unsurprisingly. Trust me, I’m super turned on by all of this! But I figured I’d hide it since I didn’t think you’d want to be bothered by it.”Dammit, he’s so great. Damn considerate jerk. Who else would literally hide their erection because they thought it would bother someone?Well, pretty much anyone who wears clothes, you suppose. But this is different! And...dammit, you want to see it now. The guy’s been so good to you, you’re still feeling frisky...“Well...I want to see it,” you tell him, taking delight in watching his face light up. “C’mon, bro, whip it out.” It’s nothing you ever would have said back home, but clearly a lot has changed.“You’re sure?” Thorax asks. You give him a nod, and he gently nudges you to try and move you from your position. You reluctantly oblige, and now your eyes are glued to that smooth space between his legs where a dong should be. There’s a brief shimmering of light at his crotch, and suddenly it bursts forth like it had been held back by some sort of spring mechanism.You’ve never seen anything like it. You know that’s a bullshit cliche that people always use in this kind of situation, but seriously, you’ve never seen anything like it. It’s got some similarities to your own equipment, but then it’s got this wider tip that’s a little more rounded on the end, and it’s got these...ridges on the underside? You weren’t sure what to expect when you made that request to see his junk, but it wasn’t this.And you’re liking what you’re seeing.You glance up to look at Thorax. He’s got his usual casual smile on, but even then, there’s a hint of timidity behind it. A certain uncertainty that he’s trying to hide with only marginal success. It’s the most vulnerable you’ve seen Thorax thus far, as if he’s hoping to impress you but not sure that it’s going to work. It’s goddamn adorable is what it is.An impulse fires through your brain, one that completely and utterly goes against your typical mindset. It’s a clear violation of your typical bro code, but it’s pretty clear by this point that your typical bro code doesn’t fully apply as far as Thorax goes. You decide to act on this impulse before your mind can suggest otherwise. Still making eye contact with Thorax, you lean in and lick the tip of his shaft.This elicits the exact reaction you were hoping for from the king, as he lets out a surprised gasp.“A-Anon?” he asks, eyes wide. You respond with a little wink, then give another lick, causing Thorax to let out a happy moan. It’s got a musky taste to it, and even though you would have never seen yourself doing anything like this, the fact that you’re making Thorax feel good is like crack to you. Another push forward and your lips slip around that tip, coaxing another coo from Thorax’s lips.Your tongue darts around the head, recalling as best you can the technique that you’ve had used on you back home. You feel a drip of a liquid that you’re sure isn’t your saliva as your tongue passes along the bottom, and from the slightly salty taste, you’re more than sure that you know what it is. You swish it around a bit in your mouth. It’s tastier than you would have anticipated, though you can’t see yourself ordering it at a bar or anything.Why does your mind go to such odd places?You feel Thorax’s hoof rest gingerly on the back of your head and stroke your mane appreciatively. A glance back up at his eyes shows you just how much this seems to mean to him. You can’t sense emotions like he and his race can, but you don’t need that ability to read the loving look in his eyes. He whispers your name softly as that hoof rubs your mane, and then you feel the slightest bit of a push downwards; too gentle to be insistent, but a clear sign that he’d like you to progress a bit. You oblige, taking more of his length into your mouth.The first of those odd ridges has entered your mouth, and you run your tongue along it, testing to see what kind of reaction that brings. From the look of it, that’s a rather sensitive area, if Thorax’s squirms and moans are anything to go by. You move forward a little more, tongue running up and down those ridges, delighting in the reaction it’s getting. You’re frankly surprised how easily this is coming to you. Suffice to say, you ain’t never had no dick in your mouth before this, and you sure didn’t have that on your bucket list, but here you are, blowing it like a champ, all for your best bro.You let Thorax’s hoof nudge your head forward just a bit more, but there’s still a good third of his dick left unsucked and the tip’s just about at your throat. There’s no way you’re going to be able to take any more. Thankfully, your quick thinking reminds you of a signal you and an ex had to indicate just that. Hopefully it’ll translate over. You tap a few times on Thorax’s inner thigh with your hoof, and he luckily seems to understand, as the pushing ceases. What a goddamn bro.Now that Mr. Soft Touch is done nudging you down, you bob your head back and forth, tongue grazing up and down those ridges like some sort of tongue that was grazing up and down some sort of ridges. Shut up, similes were never your strong suit. Though from all accounts, it seems like sucking dick is a strong suit you never knew you had. Thorax sure seems to think so. Good thing no one from your hometown will ever hear that.You can feel Thorax starting to tense up, and that’s a telltale sign that he’s about to bust, unless changelings work differently. They probably don’t, so you start trying to decide just what to do about all that. Do you take it in the mouth or on the face? You quietly add that to your mental list of questions you never thought you’d ask yourself as you ruminate over the quandary, head still bobbing back and forth over that wonderful shaft. You hear Thorax issue a word of warning about his imminent spunking, and you take a quick moment to reflect on how polite it is of him to do so. There were definitely times where you forgot (“forgot”) to warn the girl you were with, and at least one of those ended with a very annoyed girl glaring up at you.You don’t want to be that annoyed girl. So clearly the answer is to take it like a champ and not be annoyed about it. That’s your logic and you’re sticking to it.You push forward as far as you can go, staring right up into Thorax’s eyes and giving him a wink. That gesture seems to send him over the edge, and before you know it, he’s crying out in pleasure as he begins to fill your mouth. It’s a heavy, musky taste, and you quickly close off the back of your throat as you realize how hard and fast it’s coming. You gotta die someday, but you sure ain’t gonna die choking on changeling jizz. You end up having to balloon your cheeks out just to hold it all. Damn, that king can cum.You feel Thorax’s hoof stroking you lovingly in appreciation of what you’ve just done. If you were a changeling, you’re sure you’d be feasting right now over the love that’s surely pouring out of him about as strongly as his spunk was. You pull back slowly, dragging your lips along his cock until they pop off and pursing them quickly so as not to lose any of your payload. Now you’re left with a mouthful of changeling spunk, and the longer it’s in your mouth, the more you like the taste. It’s like a porn cliche at this point. Man-turned-stallion has first gay experience with bug, suddenly loves jizz. You could toss that on the back of a Blu-Ray case. Not even considering the possibility of spitting it out, you swallow that load with an exaggerated gulp, then open your mouth teasingly at Thorax to prove that it is, indeed, all gone.“You’re amazing~” Thorax coos, clapping his hooves together. Even sitting there with a giant throbbing erection that’s still got remnants of your saliva and his semen on it, the guy is adorable.And now you’re getting lost in his eyes, and your mind is wandering something fierce.You just finished doing something you thought you’d never do after having something done to you that you never thought you’d let a guy do. You should be sated at this point, but you can’t help but fantasize about one more thing, and this one is a real hard one to swallow–no pun intended regarding what you just finished doing.You’re a bit shocked that this particular thought sprung to mind. The blowjob was a little surprising and much easier to act on impulsively, but this is way beyond that. Yet it’s slamming into your mind like a wave crashing onto shore. Hey, you got better with that simile thing. But this idea is hitting you hard, and you can’t deny that you want it bad, even though you’re not sure why.“Is everything okay?” Thorax asks, stroking your cheek with a hoof. He’s empathetic to a fault, that one. You couldn’t even imagine being able to hide something like this from him.“I...uh...” you stammer like some manner of idiot, trying to voice what you’re thinking. Much like you, it’s harder than you expected. “Do...do you...feel up for another round?”The bug regards you with an inviting smile, but then it dims slightly. He tilts his head to the side, then angles his nose up as if picking up on a scent. Then his gaze into your eyes becomes intense. It’s kind of a mixture of shock and uncertainty, with a little bit of hope mixed in there.“Anon...” he says. “Are you sure that’s what you want?”The way he says it is a dead giveaway. He knows what you want, he’s as surprised as you are, and he wants to make sure it’s an actual desire and not just a passing thought. The dude is so caring, you can’t handle it. You love that damn bug, and even though it confuses you that you want this, you know for sure that you want it bad. You nod and open your mouth to respond, but it’s quickly plugged by Thorax’s mouth.The two of you share another passionate kiss as one of his hooves lowers to stroke at your shaft again. As this kiss progresses, his hoof slips lower, from your shaft to your balls. Then it goes even lower, tracing up your taint until the very tip of it prods at your pucker. You tense up instinctually, and he pulls back from the kiss to give you a calm smile.“Don’t forget,” Thorax whispers. “If you want me to stop at any point, just say orchid.”“Orchid?” you ask.“Mhm,” he confirms. “It’s my safe word. You can come up with one next time, but I have a feeling you’re more interested in getting to the action than thinking up a safe word.” That hoof prods your rear entrance again, and you let out a tiny groan. “Now be a good boy and reach into the top drawer of the nighttable?” You’re quick to comply, and your cheeks color furiously as you pull out a bottle of lube. Thorax takes it from you, giving you another little kiss as he opens it.“On your belly, sweetie,” Thorax tells you. You can’t even think of disobeying and do so immediately. You’re still trembling a bit, but Thorax’s nuzzles and nips at your neck help to calm you down, even as you hear the lewd sound of the lube bottle’s contents drenching his hoof and then rubbing over his length. Then you feel that hoof against your rear entrance again, this time colder and wetter than before. You shiver and let out a small moan, and you’re sure you hear him call you adorable as he gets you ready.“I’m not going to lie, it’s going to hurt at first,” Thorax tells you, his exploring hoof now feeling more natural back there than before. “But if you can make it through that, I promise you’ll love it. And if you don’t, you know the safe word. Okay?” He stops rubbing for the moment, but leaves his hoof where it is as he awaits your response.“Ngh...” you groan quietly before looking back at him. His erection, now glistening with lube, is tall and frankly intimidating from this angle. “...If all my farts are silent after this, I’m going to kill you.”“Oh thank goodness,” Thorax laughs, rubbing at your entrance again. “You hadn’t said anything rude to me in so long, I thought I’d broken you.” He kisses your neck again, then pulls away from you completely. Not being in contact with him feels foreign at this point, but you know that there’s going to be some extreme contact shortly. Sure enough, you hear him adjusting his position, and you can tell just from the shadow he casts that he’s now standing over you. His front hooves plant on either side of you, and the one you stare at happens to be the one that was teasing you, based on the lube that still remains on it.This is really happening. Your butt virginity is soon to be a distant memory.Thorax lowers himself down, and you feel his larger frame make contact with your smaller one. Then, after a bit of shifting on his part, you feel it. The tip of his royal cock, kissing at your greased-up and questionably-ready pucker. Holy fuckballs, that alone feels weird and he’s not even inside yet. You tense up again, and he stops where he is, concentrating more on nuzzling at your neck and behind your ear. You stretch your neck out to accept his affections, and they’re certainly having a calming effect on you despite the turgid member resting against your pooter and awaiting clearance to dock.It takes a little more coaxing before you’re able to relax yourself enough for him to attempt to make progress. He asks you once again if you’re ready, and you let him know that you’re about as ready as you’ll ever be. You feel him shift his hips, and oh god it’s moving. You try to loosen as much as possible and holy crap it’s actually going inside. It’s like you’re taking a shit, but it’s a particularly tough one, and also in reverse, and that may be the worst thing you’ve ever envisioned. Thorax is going nice and slow for you, but you can feel the pain start regardless. You always prided yourself on being tough, though, and while it hurts, it’s not an unbearable pain. You can’t, however, stop the whine that escapes your lips. It’s an odd one, that whine. A mixture of pain and pleasure, because even though the pain is at the forefront of your mind at the moment, there’s definitely a more pleasurable feeling beneath it.“Ngh...it’s so tight...” Thorax moans. Of course it’s tight! You’d be concerned if it wasn’t! His cock is big and amazing, but it feels about twenty times bigger as it finds a new temporary home inside you. You clutch the pillow in front of you, muffling your groans and whines as he eases himself carefully inside, more and more of that length being hugged by your hole. Now you know what being a pillow biter really means.Some of the pain is starting to subside now, though it hasn’t faded completely. It’s rapidly being replaced by a pleasant feeling of fullness and connection with Thorax, who’s returned to nuzzling and kissing at your jawline as he claims your butt as his own. And god, does it feel nice to be claimed as such, far nicer than you ever would have expected.Just as you were getting used to the fullness, your lover pulls back, cooing in joy as his member rubs against your walls. You moan along with him, that brief feeling of emptiness quickly being forgotten as he pushes back into you. To call it a thrust would be generous; he’s clearly taking it slow for your benefit, and you love him that much more for it. Your hooves dig into the mattress as he hilts himself inside you, and you can’t believe you can actually fit all of that in there. Your ass is far roomier than you thought. You silently add that to your mental list of things you never thought you’d think as well.Thorax finally starts to piston now that you seem to be used to the feeling, and you shudder slightly as you hear the soft, almost girlish moans coming from you as he pumps into you. He’s still going fairly slow, but the extra motion is making the experience that much better. You can just barely feel the ridges on the underside of his cock as they rub against your walls, and now the concept of “ridged for her pleasure” makes that much more sense to you. You’re still feeling little tinges of pain, but they’re mostly forgotten the longer the two of you go.Thorax’s pushes can finally be safely referred to as thrusts now, as he increases the power behind them. They’re strong enough now that your body is being pushed forward with each thrust, with the added benefit of making your raging hard-on rub against the bedsheets. You always liked to think of yourself as the tough, dominant type, and Thorax’s typical behavior always made him seem like more of a submissive, but the larger king is clearly in control of the situation as he towers over your prone form, owning your ass as if he’d just signed the deed to it. The usually-gentle Thorax being in such solid control over you is driving you wild, and you start to try and push back into his thrusts, begging with your actions alone for him to go deeper.You can feel Thorax’s thrusts becoming more erratic, speeding up and getting harder as he pounds away at you, and you’re certain the sound of his balls slapping at your ass can be heard from miles away. He’s getting close, and the thought of what’s about to happen combined with the way your cock rubs oh so nicely against the bedspread has you practically on the edge yourself. Plus, it doesn’t hurt that his dick seems to be shaped just right to stimulate your prostate at the same time. And of course it is, that goddamn shapeshifter. The things are built to harvest love, of course their equipment is optimized like that.Sure enough, moments later, you hear Thorax let out a cry of ecstasy as he hilts inside you, and then comes the rush. You’re not sure how he could have this much in him after what you just swallowed earlier, but there he is, unloading into your ass like a faucet on high blast. The feeling of your insides being painted white with that hot spunk pushes you over the edge, and you proceed to make a mess of that lovely bedspread of his. The two of you moan in harmony as you simultaneously spurt, and you’re pretty positive your stomach has bloated to ridiculous proportions as he fills you up. That thought isn’t too important to you at the moment, though. The most important thing in your head right now is how much you love your bug bro.After what feels like an eternity, the rush in your bowels finally comes to a conclusion. Thorax’s head has flumped down next to yours, and he’s immediately showering you in affection once more, nuzzling and kissing behind your ear.“That was incredible,” the big bug sings, leaving himself buried inside you for the time being. “You don’t know how happy this has made me, sweetie...I’ve been wanting this for a while, but I knew you weren’t so sure about it, and I didn’t want to push the subject...”“You talk too much,” you interrupt, shaking your filled rump lightly and causing another coo to escape his lips. “But...fuck, that did feel great...”Thorax giggles in response and begins the slow process of pulling out. You’d think his dick was a dipstick meant to measure levels of cum as it withdraws from your well-used ass, coated in a thin layer of white. Speaking of white, a healthy amount of it gushes out of you once the plug keeping it in is gone. The tiny bit of worry you had about the mess you made under you on the bedspread suddenly feels very silly. Thorax is sure to be concerned about both of those messes eventually, but he sure doesn’t seem to be at the moment as he rolls onto his back, wrapping hooves around you and pulling you along with him. You sigh happily and relax onto him, only distracted by the way he pokes at your belly with a hoof.“Heehee...it looks almost like you’re pregnant,” Thorax giggles. Sure enough, as you look down at your belly, your curiosity about how bloated you felt is confirmed. Your belly is definitely bigger. You could maybe pass for being a month or two into a pregnancy. You know, minus the whole “being a dude” thing.“I’m not, am I?” you ask, with only a mild bit of actual concern. “Changelings aren’t one of those species that the male lays eggs in their lovers, are they?”“Nooooo nonono,” Thorax responds with a giggle. “We still need a female for that. Don’t worry, I didn’t knock you up.”It’s safe to say you’re relieved to hear that. The way he said it does raise some questions in your head, though. Could a changeling who was born a male shapeshifter into a female and get pregnant? What would happen if they changed back to a male? Or a different species?You decide to utterly ignore those questions and rest your head back. You’re too tired for all of that.“I love you, Anon,” Thorax whispers.“Love you too, bro,” you respond as you close your eyes. “You and your big dick.”“You’re making me blush,” he giggles as he wraps his forelegs around you and settles in for sleep. Then he suddenly shifts. “Oh fuck, the sheets.”“Did you just say fuck?” you ask, bemused. “I must be rubbing off on you as much as you were rubbing me off before.”“Oh, shush and help me change the bedspread,” Thorax laughs, giving your cheek a kiss before his movements force you to move yourself. “And when we’re done, I want you right back on my belly so I can snuggle you to death.”“Not the worst way to go,” you yawn as you roll to your hooves. You try to move and bump your rump against his, but he happens to move just in time for you to stumble and fall over. That’s your luck for you.“Should I carry you, clumsy butt?” Thorax teases. You roll your eyes and allow him to pick you up and put you on his back. You rest your head on Thorax’s neck and watch as he starts to change the bedspread. You feel a little childish and useless just being carried like this, but it gets you out of work and you get to hold onto him more. You can’t find room to complain.“So do you think Cornicle will be upset?” you ask in one of the moments where Thorax’s mouth isn’t full of blanket.“About what?” Thorax asks. “You were very considerate of her safety.”“I mean about you fucking me,” you tell him. Thorax laughs and shakes his head. You barely have room to duck under an antler.“Of course not,” he responds. “We changelings share our love pretty openly, if you haven’t noticed. It’ll be fine, and I’m pretty positive she’ll be open to getting in bed with you in the future.” He turns and gives you a wink. “That is, if I’ll let you away from my bed.”You blush and look away with a faint smile. Thorax, knowing he’s hit a weak point, continues.“Now that I know you’re open to sex with me, maybe I’ll seduce you into my bed every night~” he teases. “Maybe we’ll do it once a night, every night. Maybe we’ll do it so often that you won’t be able to get through the day without thinking about me filling you up. Maybe–ouch!”Thorax rubs the antler that you just smacked and looks back at you in surprise.“Thorax...” you start. Then your lips curl into a coy little smile.“Don’t make threats unless you plan on sticking to them.”The worry fades from Thorax’s face, and he sticks his tongue out at you playfully before the changing of the bedspread resumes. You sigh happily and rest your head back down on him. Things from here on out sure are going to be interesting.Your breasts ache…As does your back... Your thighs too... Feet...Everything hurts. Ever since you were figuratively tossed into Equestria you’ve ran into no shortage of things that put you into some variation of pain. Be it migraines from the town’s endless supply of naggers, all wanting you to answer their random inquiry, or reaching something from the top shelf at the supermarket. At first, it was fun. It was typically just questions about you and where you came from, and you gained considerable enjoyment from embellishing your trivia. You answered honestly sometimes, lied others, and you felt a swell of pride from being the town’s ‘little helper.’ But...Being greeted as  ‘The Queen of Earth’ got old after a while, especially when you were in too deep to go back on your self-given title.  And being expected to do chores rather than doing them out of the kindness of your heart rapidly faded the novelty of the appreciative smiles, which just became mere grunts of acknowledgment after a while.So, after a few weeks, you found a way to escape the pestering; the menial tasks, the ceaseless whinging: A job!...Perhaps not your best idea. You found a place far from everybody else, with the exception of a rather small family - legions of extended cousins aside. But, even now, after months of carrying baskets of apples and hand picking the delicious red fruits from the unending fields of trees, the result aches of carrying such a heavy weight on the regular might not have been wise move on your part. A career in apple picking and hauling was apt for a pony, but for yourself? Nah. Well, your fault anyway for being such a misanthrope. However, if there was a singular upside to this whole ordeal, it took shape in that of a large and stout red stallion. To you, he was the boss, the hoss, the big cheese, the big kahuna, the big... Big was an ample metaphor for the stallion who took you on, in fact, it was his first name. Big Macintosh. He was perfect in that he was sparing with his words, and showed a silent but blatant appreciation for your efforts, which, as cheesy as you thought it was, was far greater of a motivation to work than the admittedly generous salary. But then again, being paid in gold, even if it was just a few pieces, sure as shit beat minimum wage.When you first started to work for the apple family, he oft accompanied you whilst you worked. He’d keep the ladder balanced whilst you plucked the family’s renowned fruit from the tree, and helped share the load of your collected bushels. When you grew tired and weary, your admittedly delicate body not suited for the kind of work you put upon yourself, he’d finish the rest of the day for you, giving you nothing more than a knowing wink. And who said chivalry was dead? But you weren’t completely without pride. You might not have been strong, or necessarily independent, having to rely on the apples for housing, food and money… but you were a woman! A human woman. And you had to have some standards for yourself.After the first month you became insistent on doing your work by yourself. Applejack appreciated your initiative, and Big Mac agreed, his approving smile all you needed to get on with your work. It was encouraging, for sure. Buuuut... in hindsight, a stronger back and muscle might have been what you needed instead. For the first week of doing things on your own initiative, many days you found yourself waking up suddenly propped up against a tree, your hauling basket mysteriously absent; replaced with a glass of freshly squeezed apple juice and a PB&J sandwich.You weren’t great at this. A second month passed and you made some progress on the whole ‘not-collapsing-from-exhaustion’ front. Now, you only felt crippled at the end of every work day. More often than not, requiring the services of Big Mac and his muscles in getting back to your room at the farm house. What steadily began to irk you about the end of every work day was something that had started to occur shortly after you began working. Praise. Good job. You did great today. Well done. Again, much like the questions from the ponies, you liked it at first… at first. Then it became patronising. You knew they meant well. Not an ounce of condescension was in their bones but you know it wasn’t deserved praise. You rarely completed your given quota to completion, even after they started to lower it to something more achievable, and you always broke a sweat. And that was the amazing thing. After spending most of your life on Earth, a mere half a year in Equestria, and you had actually began developing something that could be construed as a self-esteem!This world was truly magical.You were a changed woman after this realisation struck you. It motivated you more than you already were. You ignored the pain - both physical and mental - and you put on a cool face, only dropping unconscious from exhaustion when in the confines of your own room, when nobody could see you. Much to your surprise, in time, it did get easier. You got stronger, you felt your feminine muscles become defined, your breaths were less likely to devolve into dog-like pants after hauling a basket of apples back to the barn. You felt confident, fit, more capable of actually doing your job. This… this must of been what exercise was!Yet, despite your burgeoning abs, defining biceps and stronger thighs, the work still played havoc on you. The heaviest loads were burdensome on your legs, and hauling a heavy basket onto your back after climbing down from the ladder was a right nuisance on your back. On hot days, when you’d only wear a vest, the straps of the basket dug painfully into your shoulders. Most days, you couldn’t wait to be done with your work, although at the very least it wasn’t due to how exhausted it made you feel after you finished it anymore. On a Sunday, on a bright blue day, whilst in the middle of your long work day, you had an epiphany. Or rather, you had an epiphany that you should have had an epiphany. This strange moment of realisation occured when your hand, now sporting a few calluses, gripped around a large red apple in the tree you were collecting from. You plucked it down, brought it to your face. Was this the epiphany? No, no. The apple stoked a question in you. That question being: Why? Why were you working here? Your initial reason was to escape, but considering how you were back then you should’ve ran off at the first sign of struggle, but… you didn’t. You were getting closer now, you could feel it. There was a reason for staying beyond pay, beyond a place to stay and lay. It was someone. You looked to your right. It was around dusk, but it was summer, so the farmstead was still bathed in a warm orange glow. You saw some ponies, ones you’ve grown familiar with over the months. Was it Granny Smith? No. As much as you enjoyed her apple pie, food wasn’t a good enough justification for staying. Or else you would’ve spent every hour of every day trying to get back home to a nice fat burger.Applejack, maybe? She’s honest, kind, and with that accent of hers you could listen to her talk for hours. But a kind soul alone wasn’t enough to justify rooting your hiney to her farm. You had a further epiphany, one that may have grossed you at first, but perhaps you were stayed by… attraction. Feelings, that whole gross affair. But you were resolute of one thing. You didn’t swing that way. You saw a smaller figure helping her sister, and you grimaced.Was Apple Bloom your reason for staying?…Eww. No, of course not. You then saw the big red stallion himself saunter from the barn. He had put his work collar away for the night, looking relaxed and contented as he always was. On this line of thinking, you scanned the pony more closely. The draft horse was large, well built. Even though a pony’s fur hid muscle, you have laid across his back before. You recalled how hard his body felt, something you had never given a second thought to suddenly made your cheeks flush as red as the apple you were holding. It shouldn’t be surprising that after so many months in the presence of these creatures that certain… barriers, began to crumble. Being the kind of person you are, you only fretted with the fact you felt attracted to the big red stallion for about, oh, two seconds? You were pretty sure Big Macintosh would pass the Harkness test… well, you were a girl. So… Lawaxana Troi test? So, with all that in mind, was it Big Macin- of course it was Big Macintosh!“Somethin’ the matter?” Applejack called out to you from the cart. “You’ve been holdin’ that apple for a, uh, mighty long time?”The words didn’t hit you until a few seconds after they had been said, and when they did, you dropped the large red apple you were holding in surprise; the fruit conveniently falling into the fruit basket below. “Y-yeah, I mean, no!” you called back, forcing a weak smile. “I was just, uh…” you struggled to think of a convincing lie, one good enough to penetrate the abstruse and internal lie-detector of the Element of Honesty. “Admiring the last apple of the work day! Hahaha… ha!”Applejack knitted her brows together, before throwing her head back to chortle, wiping a tear from her eye shortly after. “Aww, shucks. Now you’re starting to sound like a real member of the Apple family!” she called, seemingly falling for your terrible lie. The two of you looked at each other from afar, smiling, until the one you wore wavered into something awkward. “M-maybe I should come over to you so we don’t have to keep shouting!”“That would be fine!”You brought the apple basket back to the cart besides AJ, heaving up your generous gathering and placing it onto the cart where they’d no doubt be taken to the market tomorrow to be sold off to the rest of the populace. You glanced to Big Macintosh, the red stallion meeting your gaze, to which he responded with a smile and nod.“H-hey…” was your response, and a half-wave. Your pitiful, embarrassing response. Much to your relief Big Mac didn’t seem phased by your fluster, giving a restrained chuckle through his nostrils before trailing over to the house where he quickly disappeared inside. Your eyes were glued to him the entire time, you didn’t know what exactly about him you found, uh, sexy. But the longer you watched him, the quicker your heart pounded against your aching ribs. You already hated this feeling. You felt like some typical movie heroine struck with the lovebug, and you always abhorred those movies. Not in the ‘I’m not like other girls’ sort of way, but more so the feeling of ‘these movies give me crippling feelings of loneliness and depression’ sort of way.     After a moment or two of relying on the cart to keep you standing, you entered the home, kicking off your sandals. You soon joined the rest of the Apples at the dinner table, a privilege you had only been able to enjoy rather recently, considering the first few months you oft made a cocoon out of your bed sheets and slumbered until afternoon of the next day; making up for your missed dinner with a very hearty breakfast. Dinner after work was a very homely feeling. A warm meal to fill your belly, laughter and friendly discussion at the dinner table. It felt like a sitcom. But, it wouldn’t be a sitcom without a situation to which an audience would laugh at… you don’t like the idea of being laughed at. It was an arbitrary decision when you first sat at the dinner table all those weeks ago, but now with hindsight, and recent developments, you know exactly why you chose to sat where you did. You could feel his warmth on your flesh, and he was only sitting next to you. It was as though your senses underwent a fine tuning after since your revelation. His masculine heat, his earthy and rugged scent, his breathing. You picked up all of it. Aside from feeling like a creep now, you suddenly adopted a reserved caricature of yourself. You kept your legs firmly together as to not accidentally graze against the stallion’s thigh, and shyly nibbled at the food on your plate, refusing to even look to your right all the while contributing little to nothing to the conversation… at least that wasn’t out of the ordinary, your lack of natural social grace taken into account.“You okay there, missy?” Granny Smith asked, concern in her tone.Shit. If it were possible, you were apparently even more graceless than usual. “Y-yeah, Gee-ranny! Pshaw!” you waved dismissively, braying like an ass - both literal and figurative - as you tried to play off your maladroitness. The old mare was wide-eyed at your outburst, you troglodyte. You scanned the table. Applejack, much like her granny, was taken aback by your particular brand of stupid. Applebloom was looking between the faces at the table with a bemused smile. Big Mac, well, you couldn’t even force yourself to look at him. “Sugarcube-”“I’m excusing myself,” you interrupted Applejack. A first for you. You never interrupted anybody before. It might have been the confidence from your rocking new bod, or so you told yourself. Hint hint. It rhymes with amygdalin, except you’re pretty sure you’re tasting something far more bitter in your mouth.   You pushed yourself from the table, your chair, and skirted past the big red stallion to the stairway; seeing his knitted brow stare out of the corner of your eye. Your posture was rigid as you walked, your long outward steps looking like something out of Fawlty Towers, You climbed the stairs and quickly disappeared into your room where you became resolute that you’d never leave it. Drama queen. Long after, you heard a knock at your door. “Go away,” you requested from under the sheets, and then you added, “please.” You heard the door open anyway... They mustn’t have heard you.You heard the door close behind them, and their heavy clops on your room’s floor as they neared you. They stopped just before the bed. You dared a peek under the sheet and grimaced. Under the bright moonlight, you could easily make out the red shape of a stallion.Him.You groaned, and curled up into an even tighter ball, pulling for enough back under the darkness of your self-made cocoon that he hopefully couldn’t see your eye. You, however, could assuredly see him. On the low bed he appeared to tower over you. His strong stature in such a position was intimidating, but you couldn’t help but feel a bit… bothered, with a pairing of hot.You shrank even further into your den. “Erm…” Big Mac started, scratching the back of his large neck with his hoof, his brows furrowed as he looked at you. You saw his lips pursed, and it was clear he wasn’t quite sure what to say about what just occurred. Neither did you, to be fair. “Did you lie to Granny?” he asked in his drawl, concern plastered on his face.“No… kinda… sorta… yes,” you eventually admitted, cringing, feeling shame at Big Mac’s flat stare. Big Mac then sat down, and released a weary sigh, his lips curled into a small friendly smile. “C’mon then. Tell me. I’ll help if ah can, whatever it may be.”You recognised that he was sincere. He always was. You inhaled quietly. “You… you promise you won’t be mad?”“Eeyup!” he replied, nodding several times. The sight was oddly… cute. Oh God…You shrank into an even tighter ball, and took a breath. You then murmured a close approximation of your problem, pouring out your heart, soul, everything. You realised what he… what he meant to you. He was the first person, well, pony, who you’ve ever felt like this for. You realised why you liked spending so much time around him. Why you found him so easy to talk to, He was the sole reason why you stayed, bettered yourself for your work. It was to make him proud. You haven’t known him for too long but he has made your life all the better for being in it. After all that, you released a sigh, feeling as though the entire world was lifted off your shoulders...“What was that, darlin’? Couldn’t quite hear ya over the mumblin’ and mutterin’."You pillock.Whimpering, you realized that your ’confession’ was nothing more than a incoherent and whispered ramble that not even a bat could hear. Gulping, you resolved to try again. “IthinkIlikeyou!” you gushed.“What?”“IthinkIlikeyou!”“Come again?”“I-” you began, ready to explode your confession at him, before you took a breath, pulling the sheets down from over you. You knew your cheeks were as red as he was, and looking away, you finally mustered the strength to speak. “I think I like you.”“Oh…” Big Mac replied. You expected something denser admittedly, something like ‘I know you like me, we’re good friends’. But from the softness at which the large stallion acknowledged your confession, you already knew that he understood completely.“Yeah…”“So you… like me, like me?”“Yeah…”He blinked. “But I’m not what you are-”“Yeah…”Thereafter, silence reigned your room. You almost laughed at the surrealness of the situation - A big red stallion talking to a blanket who has feelings for him. It seemed like a bad sketch in some comedy that was quietly cancelled after the first season. You managed to look at him, finally. His lips were pursed, and his muzzle slightly lowered. He reminded you of a dog almost, with the way his emerald eyes appeared twice as large and doubly cute as a result. Clifford. The thought made your lip curl slightly, despite the circumstances.“What?” Big Mac asked, noting your small smile.“Just something stupid,” was your answer, propping yourself up against the headboard, your hands fidgeting over your stomach. You felt more at ease now, but still awkward. You glanced to him. “So… I’ve never really… I’ve never done something like this before.”Big Macintosh released a sympathetic smirk, rubbing the back of his neck. “Ah can tell.”You pouted, brows furrowed. “And you have?”The big stallion chuckled. “Ah didn’t say that, ah didn’t say that,” he reiterated, his hoof raised disarmingly. “It’s jus’, well, kinda obvious.”You crossed your arms, blushing. “You’re kinda obvious,” to mimicked his drawl beneath your breath, looking to your right, away from him. “It’s kinda cute.”Bum-bum. Bum-bum. You felt your heart do leaps at that comment. You gave him a coy look from the corner of your eye. His smile was dumb, but charming in its own way. “I-I’m cute?” you asked him shyly, “Kinda,” he grinned. If he was anything like his sister, then he was being sincere. This was quite a milestone for you in life. Nobody has told you that you were cute before. “How so?” you asked, experiencing a sudden high, shimmying closer to the edge of the bed.Big Mac blinked before chewing the inside of his cheek, considering. He spent a while thinking, and you felt yourself deflate. “Yer nose is cute,” he said after a while, looking at with a smile you read as suave, and you couldn’t help but let out a small scoff. “What?”“Um, noses aren’t really the first thing people go to when picking out something cute about somebody,” you answered, wearing a humoured smile. “Well, I ain’t a person, ah’m a pony,” he replied, his lips cracked into a grin. He had you there. “Ah’m I handsome?” he asked suddenly before you could speak, catching you off guard.“Yes,” you replied on reflex.“How so?” he asked, and then you knew he caught you in the very same trap you unwittingly caught him in. “Um, well…” you began, looking over the stallion; your mind racing. You could say something cliche, like this eyes - which were admittedly pretty due to the strength of their colour - but it sounded so low effort that you knew he’d know that you just said the first thing that came to your head… so you said the second thing that came to your head instead. “Your hooves!”He blinked, so baffled, he didn’t even chortle. “What?”“They’re so rugged, so strong. Y-you can tell they’re the hooves of a working pony,” you explained, your cheeks pulling back into a forced smile. You applied some truth to a seemingly innocuous part of his body and hoped it would fly.Raising a brow, he brought his hoof to his face, inspecting it, before looking at you with a bemused smile. “Are ya seein’ somethin’ I ain’t?”It did not. “No…” you muttered, exhaling through your nostrils. You looked at him again, his eyebrows were knitted, his hoof still raised. “I guess I like you for being, well, you.”With this, he wore one of the largest smiles you’ve seen him wear, his bright red cheeks becoming a darker shade. Had you made him blush? You. You. “Aw, shucks. That’s tha nicest thing ah’ve heard anyone say about me,” he started, raising his hoof, “other than compliments ‘bout mah hooves.”You felt your disposition brighten, and chuckled at his ending remark. “No one ever called me cute before you, you know. But then again, nobody has complimented me on my nose either,” you told him, giving a slight shrug. “I don’t know if you are, but… you’re a handsome stallion, Big Macintosh.”Big Mac wore a small smile, and gave a slight nod. “And you’re a pretty human, whatever that may be.”You both shared a small laugh. The surrealness of the situation obviously wasn’t lost on either of you, but the tension was gone. You were both simply two individuals in the same crazy situation. One you created admittedly, but still... Soon after, going through this weird situation one step at a time, you decided to ask the red stallion a question you intended to keep to yourself. “What should we do then? About… this,” you gestured between the two of you with your finger, wryly smiling. Big Mac gave you a slight shrug, releasing a nervous chuckle. “Can’t say I know the answer to that, darlin’. Ya’ll never confessed, ah’ve never been confessed to. We’re in the same cart here.”After he finished, you felt yourself return to your timid state from before, looking downwards and pressing the tips of your index fingers together, nervous. “I know something we could do. It’s also something I’ve never done before. Something I think I’d like to do with you…”“What?” he asked, brow raised high.He picked a bad time to be dense, although it didn’t help that you were bad at inferring what you wanted. “I… I’ve…” you struggled to find a way to say what you wanted to say without coming off like a sexually repressed hermit. You weren’t sexually repressed! You’ve been on plenty of dates… with your hands and a laptop. “I want to kiss you… if that’s alright with you… you don’t have to-”“Okay,” he answered softly, interrupting you before you could continue your self-conscious rambling.You blinked, pausing. The large stallion had one hoof wrapped around the other, his face lowered, aflutter. “Y-you will?”“Eeyup,” he nodded, a comely simper appearing on his face; his cheeks a deeper shade of crimson. “Then how should we…” you began, but stopped abruptly. This was your chance to be… suave, at least half as charming as he was, or at the very least pretend you knew what the hell you were doing. “Do you want to get onto the b-bed?”He raised his brow, bug eyed.“It’s just to keep us level!” you explained, quick. “I don’t want to be on my knees…” you reasoned, wondering if that would change later, “and you don’t want to have to stand on your hind legs. This should make things less complicated…”His lip curled and he nodded. You bent your legs as he climbed onto the other half of the bed, the springs screaming under his weight as he sat on his belly, looking at you, the gentle light of the moon accentuated his smile. Wordlessly, you maneuvered onto your belly, your legs bent behind you. The size of the bed meant the two of your faces were just mere inches from one another, your eyes staring directly into his brilliant sap green hues. The setting wasn’t entirely romantic, but the moonlight which bathed you both certainly helped improve things. This was it. Swallowing down apprehension, you slowly advanced your mouth towards his. The stallion was still the entire time, but you were close enough to feel the exhales from his nose glance off your cheeks. After what felt like an eternity to you, you finally pushed your puckered lips against his, connecting them into something reminiscent of a kiss. His mouth was larger than yours, so it did feel a tad lopsided, like pressing your lips into two large marshmallows. But like marshmallows, they were soft, something your found surprising. Equally, he didn’t advance it, he just remained frozen, staring into your eyes. This close, you could really inhale his earthy scent, the thick smell of work and apples. It was nice. Manly. However, that didn’t detract from the fact that it looked like you had to make the next move. You didn’t know how to go about that at first, but then you realised, this wasn’t first year, you were an adult! And you needed to kiss him like one!Behind your puckered lips, your teeth parted, and you pushed forwards your tongue; breaking apart your lips to prod against the stallion’s lips, which he then parted. Your tongue quickly became a guest in the stallion’s mouth. He tasted sweet, his teeth having the faint impression of mint. It was nice to see that the farmer was keeping up with his oral hygiene. You then felt it. It was the first bit of movement from the stallion since you kissed him, and even though you were expecting it, it still caught you by surprise. His large, wide tongue, started an incredibly one-sided wrestle with yours. It was massive, as expected, your own barely able to coil around it, only able to put up a pittance of a fight, sliding and trying to keep up with his slow movements. Yet, despite the clumsiness of the whole affair, it was wonderful. You did that thing you saw in all the movies. Leaning your head to one side, closing your eyes, a hand was sent up to caress his cheek as you swapped spit. You hummed, delighted. You had no clue if this was as good for him as it was for you, but you hoped so. After a while of doing this, you felt a tight sensation in your chest, one that seemed to get progressively worse by the second. Was it your heart? Was it beating so fast it physically hurt?!…Oh, yeah, that. You broke from the kiss, spittle connecting your lips, your mouth sucking in as much air as it possibly could as you panted. Big Mac, wide eyed and surprised, extended a hoof; pressing it to your shoulder. “You okay, darlin’?”“Yeah, sorry, just forgot to breathe,” you said between large gulps of precious, life saving, definitely-should-not-go-without, oxygen.The stallion chuckled. “You’re really new at this, ain’t ya?”You purse your lips. “H-how experienced are you, t-then?”Similar to you, he clamped shut his lips, looking away, bashful. “N-now ah ain’t sayin’ ah’m a casanova or nothin’,” he replied. “How many?” you asked, his shyness on the subject stoking your curiosity.He sighed. “One,” he answered, the big pony was surprisingly good at sounding meek, before looking back at you with a small grin. “Ah forgot to breathe the first time too.”You didn’t remember the stallion being with, well, anypony before you met him. “What happened to your first?” you asked.He released a thoughtful smirk, giving a small shrug. “Didn’t work out,” he answered, wearing a small sad smile.You felt your heart sink. You sent your hand back to his cheek, lightly, brushing your thumb over his freckles. “I’m sorry,” you said, sincere. “I shouldn’t have asked.”He pushed slightly against your hand. He must have liked you cupping his face, even if your hand was too small to cover it entirely. “It’s alright… I have you.”Bum-bum. Bum-bum. You smashed your lips with his, the stallion released a surprised yelp as you ferociously tongued him, directing your affection the kiss. Your ears pricked the sound of a moan, the sound the big red stallion giving out a pleasured noise into your mouth surprised you, but also encouraged you. The hand on his cheek slowly slid up and behind his head. Your fingers stroked through his orange mane, trying to go deeper with your tongue. Getting over the initial shock, Big Mac reciprocated, but in a big way. His tongue pushed past yours and entered your mouth. It was large, but he assuredly took charge, his hooves, whilst not as flexible as your hands, were still pleasant to feel pressing into you. It meant he wanted to touch you, to be close to you, as in passion’s throes as you were. You felt a fire burn within you. One you had plenty of times set inside yourself during a particularly lonely night or as a consequence of watching Ocean’s 11. Only this time, instead of George Clooney’s chiseled visage, it was because of Big Macintosh. You broke the kiss, the stallion momentarily trying to reconnect it before blinking several times as if breaking from a daze. You reaffirmed your tender grip in his face from the back of his head. You took a deep breath, hardly believing that you were steeling yourself to ask him this next question. You looked deeply into his eyes, and released a shaky breath you had been holding. “Should we take this further?”Big Mac said nothing at first. You initially thought that you had taken things too far, that he wasn’t ready… were you ready? Just as fear threaten to take you, the stallion gave a few slow nods; assuaging your growing terror. “Ah am,” he started, wearing an outsmile; the hooves on your arms giving you a comforting squeeze. “If you are.”“I’m not really familiar, you know?” you give him a nervous fleer. “I suppose you’d be the same, with me being human and all. I guess we’d both just have to… explore each other.”The stallion gulped, giving you a nod of understanding. “H-how should we start?”You considered his words, and glanced downwards, seeing your own breasts contained within your vest. You looked back up at the stallion’s unsure stare. “I’ll get ready. And you get ready…?” you gave an unsure grin. “Okay… how do I do that?”You smirked, not quite sure. You barely knew what to do yourself. “I’ll get undressed. When I turn back to face you, how about you… be in a sexy pose or something?” you joked.He smirked. “I think I can do that, darlin’.”You clambered off the bed, not realising how excited you actually were until you walked a few steps from the bed with a shaky gait, having to take a moment to compose yourself. Then, with a whisper, you told yourself, “Like ripping off a bandaid…”You started with your vest, a meagre off-white garment you’ve had with you since you came here. You pulled it up and over your head, tossing it to the floor as you hurried on removing your bra. Once that was removed, your respectable bosom was finally freed. They weren’t Pamela Anderson sized, but they did the job. You went onto unbuttoning your jean shorts next, shimmying them down your thighs and then kicking it off to the room’s corner. All that remained were the panties. They hid your flower, your mons, your feminine core. There were a thousand names for it in a thousand languages, but in your panties was contained your pussy, a pussy unseen by anyone but you, and soon to be seen by the big red stallion behind you. You were slow in sliding them down your legs. It wasn’t meant to be a striptease, just your apprehension, but you hoped Big Mac admired the view as you bent over to remove the dainty cotton garment. You were left bare now. Naked in moonlight and the room’s warmth. You knew Big Mac was looking at you. You wondered what he thought. Did he find you attractive in the least? Did you average features really excite him… would they excite him? Your credence in getting intimate with the stallion was shook by your own pessimism. With one arm crossed across your chest, your fingers sinking into your other arm, you slowly turned to face him…Bum-bum. Bum-bum. On one hand, you wanted to laugh at the directness of the pose, but it was clogged in your throat by your own astonishment. The big draft stallion was in the bed’s centre, leaning against the wall your bed was beside. His idea of sexy was simply ‘displaying’ himself to you. This must have been the first thing to enter his mind, but obviously had his own doubts by the time you turned around. His lips were tightly locked, his eyes looking up at you from his downwards pointing face. His forehooves were held against his broad chest, almost like a dog on its back, a cute sight that contrasted greatly with what you spotted between his spread legs.They were massive. Huge. Two red cantaloupes contained with a strained sack several shades darker than he was. They were so heavy that they both made depressions in the mattress they were laid on. Adjoined to the fat balls was a sheath, no doubt where his member would come out to say hello should its owner get aroused enough. Only, if his cum churners were that big, you dreaded to imagine how large his dick was. Big Macintosh was certainly living up to his name, in more ways than one it would seem.“They’re big,” you said suddenly, unsure if you were complimenting him or just unable to think with such a lovely pair of crimson stones in your sights. “Thanks?” he chuckled, his head skewed as he looked you up and down. “Wow,” he said after a moment, quiet, but genuine.With the corner of your lip tugging, you took a few apprehensive steps forwards, until you lowered onto your knees. You shuffled forwards on them, the testes seemed much larger up close, and when you finally reached the bed, you felt your heart racing. Looking up at the stallion, you exhaled, and asked, “Can I…?”He nodded, and you looked to satisfy your curiosity.Your hands first touched against his pastern, then up his cannon, stopping your hand’s travel when you could physically feel the heat from his pride. You took a nervous breath, and in doing so, you inhaled him. It was an intimate scent, not unlike that which you smelt whilst kissing him, but this was far more raw, far more deeper and muskier. You felt yourself quiver, a new experience for you but you doubted it would be your last tonight. Timidly, your fingers then reached for those bulbous orbs that had taken you ever since you looked at them. Your brain seemed slower to process, but you heard Big Mac moan before it fully comprehended to you that your fingers were pressed against his special area. The orbs were pleasantly warm; the turgid sack was also soft, to your surprise. Your hands pressing against them only made them seem larger by comparison, and you really acted on your curiosity of his form. You rubbed the skin between your thumb and forefinger, and then felt the weight of these gargantuan gonads yourself. Cupping them, you hefted them, and again you let out a surprised gasp. You doubted your old self would have been able to lift the obscenely sized nuts with the same ease you were now. They were heavy with seed, roiling with cum of a very pent up stallion. Poor thing. “These are the biggest balls… the biggest!” you reiterated, looking up at Big Mac’s face. His chest was rising and falling slightly faster than usual, and his expression retained his blush. “Y-ya already said.”“I know, but geez. These are just so amazing!” you continued to laude his balls with your continued lack of finesse.As you continued to fondle his impressive sack, still is disbelief of their weight and size, even when they were in your hands, your eyes flicked to something just as eye catching. You watched, breath bated, as the big red stallion’s big red cock began to emerge. The flat crown of his mighty sceptre intrigued you. The bestial shape of it was oddly alluring, and you felt the ever present scent of his sex grow even denser as his cock poured from his sheath…You jaw dropped. You almost retreated in fear, letting go of his colossal nuts at least, your eyes now focused on his equally colossal cock. You didn’t count the inches as they came out - not that you could, mind preoccupied - but you were certain its thickness was akin to that of your wrist, if not larger. You felt your cunt and jaw ache at the mere thought of taking the monstrous length within you, and doubted that your fingers would come even close to meeting wrapped around the fat girth. This would require two hands…You continued to watch, enthralled, as his member continued to balloon and inflate with piping hot blood. He was already larger than anything you had ever seen in porn, and the throbs and twitches caused you to rub your thighs together; your own arousal growing in tandem with his. The awe inducing cock could barely keep up under its own weight, and it was a serious concern it would just drop suddenly and smack you in the face when it reached its full daunting length. “You’re huge…” you spoke quietly. His pony boner was gigantic… poner. It cast a shadow up the length of your face. The way the length just throbbed above was the most erotic sight you had seen, if a little intimidating. You knew that if the stallion needed a discreet blunt weapon, he already had one. You just hoped you weren’t at the receiving end of it… or maybe you did. You were sure he wouldn’t judge you.“I-if ah’m too big then we can st- ah-hah,” he let out a manly squeal as you silence him with your hands.You gripped around the tip of his virile cock. The palm of your hand was pressed against his flare, and your action was rewarded with a strong throb and sprout-sized drop of pre staining your palm. Your fingers pressed softly into the area where his length met his tip, the ridge of his flare. You pulled down, until his length met his rotund balls, looking like an extremely large red arm resting on some cushions...Then you released it, inexplicably. The obese girth swung upwards, hitting the red pony squarely in the chest, creating a hollow wet slap. The weight kept it glued there, where a reflexive twitch prompted some pre leaked out and matted his fur. Big Mac jumped in slight surprise, and simply stared at you thereafter, visibly perturbed.“Did that hurt?” you asked.He blinked. “Uh… kinda?”“Huh…”“Why did ya ask me tha-aaa,” he trailed off as your hand found its place on his cock once more.You clumsily tried to wrap your hand around the base. You noticed smaller details now that you were properly acquainted. One such detail was below the plump medial ring. It was a prominent vein that ran slightly from where the hilt unfolded from the sheath and just below the sensitive ring that covered the circumference. You hoped to become more familiar with such a revere-worthy tool as the night progressed. As you tried to pull it back towards you, your fingers brushing against the flesh evoked a throb that caught you by surprise. It was so mighty, that you didn’t need to assist it. The sight was similar to a giant red tree that was felled to land atop you.Majestic.It was now in the exact position it was before you tested out your hypothesis, and now similar to your 'handsy' trek with his immense sack, you set about satisfying your curious itch; ignoring the heat between your legs, your growing wetness. Your hands pressed into either side of Big Mac’s boner, gliding your hands down the length. The skin was rough, and its hardness was comparable to solid rock. You heard a small gasp from the stallion when your fingers pressed into the plump ring  that was a quarter way down his shaft... It must have been sensitive…. Your lips curved into a sultry simper.You glanced up to Big Mac’s face. The stallion was looking back. You paid close attention as your hands coiled around either side of his dick, and you squeezed down towards the hilt. You watched the stallion’s mouth as it well open to moan, your palm gliding over the fat medial ring. You yourself gasped when you felt it twitch, and throb, the pulsation accompanying a fat glob of precum fell from the crown that hung over you. You felt the warm, wet and sticky substance land on your shoulder; your chest pressed into the bed to get adequate purchase on the stallion’s dick. You released his cock, reluctantly, to deal with the mess. You used your already pre stained hand to wipe off the large viscous patch. You rubbed the substance between your fingers, the clear secretion looking was slimy and had no friction. You brought it to your nose, inhaling it. The scent was overpowering. It was as though the musky aroma of his virility and masculinity was condensed into a single clear substance that you had directly on… your… hand. Sigh.Lick.“Oh, God,” you muttered under your breath. You immediately felt like a freak, because you couldn’t even deny how much you liked it. It was one hundred percent Big Macintosh, condescended into a liquid that could dribble from his cock. Having already passed the point of no return, you dragged your tongue up and down your hand and fingers, making sure you swallow down every bit of the clear ooze that covered them.Splat.You blinked, looking at your pre-stained shoulder, a fresh new coating of Big Mac’s viscous juice right where the last drop landed. You looked to Big Mac, he was panting, watching you closely as you ravenously suckled down his essence. An idea formed in your head. Why wait for it to come to you, when you can drink it directly from the source?Your spit and pre covered hand gripped the stallion’s head as you first done before, and you brought it downwards, only this time, you wouldn’t be letting it go. You angled it downwards, and slowly inched your mouth forwards. You closed your eyes, but knew already how close you were from the smell alone. Your free hand, dry of pre, pressed into his meat, and you parted your mouth…“Mmph!” Big Mac grunted out a pleasured noise, as your wet, moist, organ pressed against urethra; the indent a perfect fit for your tongue to press into.Your eyes closed when the first fat droplet landed on your tongue. The salty taste was delectable, and you needed more. Your hands began to pump the shaft, gliding down to provoke pleasure in the stallion but squeezing upwards entirely for you; trying to milk out more of Big Mac’s delectable cock nectar. Your tongue lapped slowly at the cap.Feeling it throbbing against your touch delighted you, and hearing the stallion of the centre of your affection moan prompted you to coo, to hasten your licks and strokes. You attempted to part your jaw, to take him in past your lips, but much to your regret, he was simply too big. That fact caused your pussy to clench instinctively, trying to grip around a phantom intruder. You didn’t know why… perhaps you were a masochist? You would have been content to suckle on his length all night long but the gnawing need at the junction of your thighs was becoming too ‘loud’ to ignore.You tore your lips and hands away and Big Mac’s fetlocks curled in delight. With your chest rising and falling fast, you looked up at his face; the stallion just as breathless as you were; a sweat on his “Your turn.”“My turn? My turn,” he repeated, giving you several determined nods as his nostrils flared. No doubt, he was burning alive with his own lust. If that was the case, then you were in the eye of a fiery hurricane. You felt immolated. You needed something. Anything. Now. You climbed onto the bed, he moved to follow. He clambered back onto his belly, dragging himself up the bed as you assume your position… you’d have to clean the sheets of pre later. Your back was pushed against the headboard, your buttocks on your pillow. Don’t worry, you haven’t pooped once since you got here. Your legs were opened wide, inviting Big Mac to ‘explore’ you as you did him.“It’s beautiful,” he commented, crawling closer. You were too aroused to be bashful anymore, even at how much Big Mac was taken with you. He approached your labia and pussy as you did his cock and balls: with a fevorous lust-crazed curiosity. His hooves touched against your inner thighs, the contact sent static waves of excitable energy throughout you. You felt his breath against your treasure, the warm air just hammering home how close this stallion was to you. You gasped when the tip of his hoof pressed into one of your plump lips, provoking you into blissful shivers. He spread you, exposing your tender pinkness to his eyes, your own cheeks burned at the thought of being so exposed. Then, he kissed you. It. Right on your little love button. You felt your hips raise on reflex, your body trying to chase those tender lips. But Big Mac had something much better in mind. That tongue. The large one, which would barely fit into your mouth, passed through his opened lips, and was dragged up your cunt from bottom to clit…“Fuck…” you mumbled your curse through clenched jaw, your toes curling as that big tongue pleasured you in an even bigger way. It covered your spread pussy from labia to labia, the slimy muscle was unlike anything you had felt before. Pleasured shivers wracked you, and when you instinctively tried to clamp your thighs around that stallion’s head, your body wanting more, his elbows kept your legs apart. He was in control.His tongue continued its pleasurable drag up and down your slit. He didn’t put any flair on it, but he didn’t need to. He continued to eat you, to lick you, as if he were a carnivore and you were a meat popsicle.  The way its tip passed over your nub provoked a pleasured cry from your throat, his tongue increasing it pressure steadily, building up towards something you hadn’t the faintest idea of… yet. You threw your hand to his head as your back arched, releasing a scream of ecstasy. You felt his tongue push past your folds and lodge itself within you. The wiggling intruder spread you further apart than any finger, any dildo, lodging deep within you and swirling. Your own feminine honey stained his muzzle as he brought you to the brink of rapture. It was so big, that it naturally just pushed against your g-spot, and his oral ministrations were so fantastic you felt on the verge on a religious experience. Thankfully, instead of wanting rever Big Mac as a deity, you did want something else from him.“Please, I can’t take it anymore,” you told him, breathless, in passion’s throes. “I want you,” you told him. But that was a lie…You needed him. Big Mac pulled away, his tongue flicking over his strained lip, your juices matting down the fur on his muzzle. His breaths were shallow, and as you laid down, he climbed up, until his chest was pushed against your own; staring eye to eye. Your arms wrapped around his back, your fingers pressing into his coat, bracing yourself. You felt his prick prod against your labia, the wide flat crown of his cock was warm, and you released a gasp when he pushed against your hole, trying to ease himself into you. He must have seen something in your expression, and he frowned slightly. “If ah’m too… large, we can do somethin’ else-”You silenced his concern with a kiss. He closed his eyes and leaned into you, and again you batted tongues together, engaging in a display of impassioned kissing. You were truthful about what you said. You wanted him. All of him. From his soft lips and big tongue - both of which you could taste yourself on - to his strong muscled back, his powerful thighs, his roiling fat sack and his massive thick dick. You just hoped your poor cunny would forgive you for the strain. Your stomach hardened as your body braced. Big Mac was gentle, to his credit, but he was trying to fit a plantain into a hole really meant for a banana. You released a pained groan when you finally felt your lips spread apart under his flare’s pushing. You quivered when the first fat inch entered you; your honeypot already feeling stretched to capacity, making you feel like an overstretched rubber band. You felt it every single inch of his rod as it slowly slid within you. He paused every single time you released your breath hitched, your pained gasps eliciting worried questions from him. You had to assure him every single time, but you were thankful for his pauses, which allowed you to get used to his incredible size somewhat.Finally, after what was an arduously long process on your end, he stopped; hitting your cervix. You could feel every single inch as it throbbed within you. Twitching, pulsating, only a thin barrier blocking it from entering your womb. Big Mac broke the kiss, and raised himself slightly, allowing you to look down in utter disbelief at the sight before you. He wasn’t entirely embedded within your cunt - a feat you doubted was possible - but he still got a shocking amount of himself inside of you. You were only a few inches away from enveloping his medial ring, and you could physically see his wide unmistakable flare creating a bulge in your belly. You unwrapped a hand from his back, tentatively approaching the rise in your stomach. You tried rubbing your thumb over it, feeling its hardness through out own skin; releasing a surreal gasp when it throbbed back against your touch, your pussy clenched around him when it did. It was a wonderful feeling. “I feel stuffed,” you said, breathing heavily. “Ya kinda are,” Big Mac retorted, releasing a heavy chuckle. At it, you seized up, and he stopped immediately. “What? You hurtin’?”“N-no. Just then, when you laughed,” you answered, flustered, “it was like miniature vibrations were going through your… you know.”“Ah…” he replied, then looked away, considering. “Should ah… laugh during?”You were about to reply, but stopped yourself, pondering. It did feel good, maybe… no? No. No… “It’d be a bit weird,” you answered, not sounding all that sure. You smiled flirtatiously, putting your arm back around his back to join the other. “Just take me. Take me like a stallion takes a mare.”“Ah will,” he replied in his charming drawl, leaning closer. And he whispered something in your ear, something that made your fingers dig into him, releasing a blissful gasp. “My mare.”With that he reconnected your lips, just as you let out a moan. His enormous girth began to drag up the rest of your canal. His flare scraped your walls pleasurably, and the experience was like a roller-coaster - falling down a steep slope, where what awaited you at the bottom were the arms of rapture. You felt as his cock head tugged against your tight walls. His dick was so big it was essentially plugged within you, and nothing aroused you more. Then, finally, after what felt like a lifetime. Thrust!“Ouch!” you gasped, feeling the rod ram against your cervix. The shock of it was what provoked pain, but right after it seamlessly blending together pleasure. Big Mac stopped, concern on his face, but you only gave him a slight nod to continue.He pulled out slowly, like before, and when you felt his dick tugging at your entrance, he slammed right back in. That was his adopted rhythm, and you adored it. Each thrust was like a slow burn that exploded into fiery blast. His jumbo sack smacked against your ass every time, the heavy churning balls so full that you were almost eager for him to fill you up. To turn your womb into a makeshift jizz tank… what the fuck is wrong with you?Ignoring your own depraved thoughts you tightened your embrace around his back, so that you could press his chest against yours - heartbeat to heartbeat, feeling his warmth... There we go. That’s more wholesome!   The longer the sex went on for, the less recognisable Big Mac’s rhythm became. The slow retreat fastened, and soon his member rammed into you at a speed you didn’t expect such a huge stallion would be capable of. You held onto him less in the form of a hug, but as a way to brace yourself. You felt yourself sweat from the exertion of taking such a large thing in and out of you so quickly, but with every lancing penetration, you released a gasp of ecstasy. This occurred so frequently that you felt light headed, perpetually out of breath. It was as though his cock knocked the breath right out of your lungs. As you felt his cock swell, becoming even thicker, you immediately knew what this meant. You wrapped your legs around his back, your own pussy doing contractions around his dick, your own orgasm at the cusp of rocking you. You wanted to scream out something cliche. ‘Fill me.’ ‘I want it all.’ ‘Give me your seed.’ But the starting syllable was lost in your throat, substituted with a loud moan or groan as you felt that flare expand within you, clogging your velvety love canal. Then it happened. A tidal wave, a white sticky gush of stallion semen flooded your womb. Big Mac seized up, his muscled thighs clenched into your sides as he came, and you could feel his power in every facet of him at that moment. Your fingers dug into his back as you felt his batter fill you, your entire body shaking as your own orgasm coincided with his. The way his stallionhood swelled as it hosed your insides was pure bliss. Your stomach swelled as every single ounce of his warm cum flooded into you, painting the walls of your womb and spilling out into your canal, and you could feel the warm gooey liquid trickle down your cunt and onto the sheets - you were beyond caring about their cleanliness at this point. When you both landed gracefully into the afterglow, your legs and arms unfurling from around him as your body went limp, he rolled off of you and onto his side. You looked to your side, and found him already staring back at you. He looked tired, and his fur was matted with sweat - the smell heavy in the air. You were in much if not the exact state as he was. You feel the mournfully empty pussy ache, yet it was a pleasurable one, one of thorough satisfaction.  You didn’t look, but you feel everything that was going on down there. Besides sweat, your thighs were plastered with his semen, and his seed continued to dribble out from your excessively filled womb. You were positively full. Yet, despite the fatigue, you did summon enough strength to roll onto your side, throwing your arm over him. He did the same, yet had enough strength within him to pull you closer on top of that. You should’ve felt grossed out by feeling your bare stomach and chest pressed against a sweaty furry chest, but you didn’t. Because it was Big Mac’s furry and sweaty chest. You gave him a goofy smile, and then he kissed it.He said something to you then. Three syllables.You replied with four.  Then, you both fell asleep in each other’s arms, satisfied, and utterly contented…A belly full of pony cum wouldn’t impregnate you, would it?You are Starlight Glimmer,  and you are relapsing. The first time was an accident.Twilight and Spike are off on some business at Canterlot, and you sort of let your guard down. It's not like it's wrong to masturbate to anatomical illustrations in Twilight's study. You have a towel, nothing would get damaged. But as you get into it, you sort of zone out, your vision narrowing to the exquisitely drawn dragon cock before you. Your horn glows as you alter the cornu voluptatis spell to match. Suddenly, you hear the door open."Hel-"You panick. You blitz through the formula, your already charged horn casting the spell nigh instantaneously.Time Stops.You whirl to face the door. Anon stands frozen, staring at you. You take a few steps towards him in the absolute silence. He stares at where you were, and you breath a sigh of relief. Thank the stars, it worked. You levitate the towel into your saddlebags, and close the anatomy book. Just glancing at the illustration as you close it makes your marehood ache. You check on Anon, still frozen. You pause to admire the bulge in his pants. You know what he told Twilight, but part of you wonders if he's always this lewd because he loves teasing mares. You stare at it, mouth watering a little. No, you shouldn't do this, even if nopony will know. Nopony will know. Your thighs rub together. You are a bad pony. You lean forward and gently press your snout against the fabric covering his bulge. His musky scent sets your body tingling and your tail lashing back and forth. You pant, inhaling his scent. You can practically taste him. With a shudder, you pull yourself away and gallop to the bathroom. In the stopped time, you plunge your magic into your pussy again and again. Perhaps to punish yourself for your transgression against Anon, you abandon subtlety. The spell loses all realism and morphs into a writhing, bumpy mass of vibrating ether. You cum in less than a minute, your juices splashing into the toilet below. You sigh, feeling dirtier than you have ever felt. Anon must never know. You clean up after yourself quickly, and trot back to where you were. You browse for a book on magic theory, and sit down under Anon's frozen gaze. Your stomach flips a little at how helpless he is right now. Imagine if you shared this spell with some mare, they would be a menace to stallions everywhere. No, you need to keep this a secret as well. You cancel the spell, and Anon blinks."-lo Starlight, have you seen Twilight anywhere?"You blink, then smile politely."I'm afraid not. Have you tried checking the market? I think we may be low on eggs, so she probably went to get some."Anon grins at you."Thanks, I'll try there next."Such a cute smile.Each time afterward...He was about to drop a carton of eggs, no reason why you should let them go to waste. And you only sniffed him a little bit, a small reward for a small favor.Anon pranked you with whipped cream on your hoof and tickling your snout while you were sleeping. You had to pay him back somehow. That was the first time you touched him. Your hoof on those thicc, foalchasing thighs. He never understood why you didn't get mad at all, but there is no way you would tell him why.And then there is today. Thorax dragged you off to the hive, ostensibly to help choose colors for the interior. He spends hours agonizing and ignoring your every suggestion before ending up with moss green and slate blue. Still, he thanked you sweetly afterward, and you guess you were a good friend to him. You barely got enough time to eat lunch when Trixie barreled into your room. Apparently the Flim Flam brothers asked her out. Both of them. How can Trixie be such an utter Trixie? And why did she have to sing about it? By the time she left, you wanted nothing more than to veg out on the couch with a good book.And that is exactly what you do. It is some silly romance novel, about a butler being taken advantage of by his mistress and a visiting duchess. You are just getting to the part where the duchess has him "massage" her teats when you hear Anon talk to you."Hey, sorry to bother you, but would you mind levitating some furniture while I sweep?"You mark your place and look up. He is smiling apologetically. Your mind catches up with your ears, and you sigh."Sure, where do you want to start?"Anon beams at you."Thanks so much. I'll start over in that corner, if you could get the cabinet?"You watch him work, the gentle sway of his lithe figure, the subtle flexing of his rump as he twists and turns. Not to mention the appeal of watching a janefilly doing something so domestic. You feel your stress transmute into a low level arousal. You watch him as he cleans the entire sitting room. By the time he puts the broom and dustpan away, you are uncomfortably aroused. He flops down on the couch, splayed in such a defenseless way."Ugh, this castle is way too fucking big."You smirk."Maybe you should let the staff do all the cleaning."Anon snorts."No, I gotta pay you all back somehow. Besides, it's Feather Duster's birthday, she should get the day off."How sweet. You can't take your eyes off his prominently displayed crotch. He rolls his head to look at you, and you look up at his relaxed smile."Oh, and thanks for the help. Makes things go a lot quicker.""My pleasure."As you levitate your novel towards the coffee table, you secretly set up the time stop. The book hits the table with a muted thump, and everything freezes. You deserve a reward, after everything. You slide off the couch and trot over between his legs. You can smell the subtle tang of his sweat, and his musk is unusually strong. Your heart pounds as you sit down between his feet and lay your head down. You can feel the soft lump of his flaccid member against your cheek, his scent filling your nose. It is hard to think over your blazing hot arousal. You pant, climbing up his torso, dragging your tuft against his belly and chest. You sit in his lap, nuzzling his neck and rocking your hips gently.You really shouldn't be doing this. But it's too late now. You pull back slightly, staring at his frozen face. You lick your lips. Then you peck him on the lips. A thrill runs through you, pure pleasure lightly seasoned with guilt. You press your lips against his for longer, savoring his warmth. You should stop, stop before you go too far. You stare at his lazy grin."Tell me to stop, Anonymous. Tell me now."Of course he doesn't say anything, he can't. But that smile. It's like permission. You lick his cheek. Delicious. You lick his lips. Delectable. You can no longer restrain yourself, and lock lips with him again. Your tongue presses past his lips, only to meet his teeth only slightly parted. Your magic pulls on his chin, and you have full access. Your tongue pushes and plays with his limp tongue. You taste him, your saliva mixing with his, your hips grinding your wet snatch against his crotch. It's a shame he can't get an erection while frozen in time, but he still has enough for you to rub against. You eventually break the kiss, and pull back to admire your hoofywork.Anon's mouth gapes open, your spit trailing down his chin, his cheek glistening where you licked him. You feel some indescribable feeling well up within you, and you kiss him again and again, licking all over his face and neck. You giggle."I've marked you, now you're mine."You feel high. You feel sweltering between your legs, a need to mark him in an entirely different way. You climb off of Anon and seize his pants in your magic. They slide off, his boxers coming along too. At last, you see his dick in all its glory.Well, not all of its glory. It's not erect, but that just makes it cute. You take it into your mouth, sucking on his cock, tasting it utterly and completely. It's a strange flavor, but you think you can grow to like it, especially with your muzzle buried in his pubic hair. His musk is overpowering, telling your body primal truths. You need him inside you. You let his stallionhood fall from your mouth and scramble up onto his lap. Your magic finds his limp member, and guides it easily. You nearly have a heart attack as his dick slips between your well-lubricated lips. You moan, not from any feeling of intense stimulation, but from the mere knowledge that his cock is inside of you.You lose yourself to your instincts, grinding your clit against his waist, clenching muscles around the soft rod in your pussy. You magic his hands onto your hips, holding you there as you drench his crotch in your marecum. You kiss him again and again, whimpering in pleasure. Your breathing comes in gasps as you hump him, your clit sending waves of pleasure throughout your body. You push one of his fingers into your asshole, and immediately fall apart. Your thighs clench around him as you ride out your orgasm, moaning and whining in animal ecstasy. You slump against him, slowly catching your breath. As your sweaty body cools, you come to your senses.Oh no!You stare at his damp shirt and his glistening crotch. You get to your hooves, his cock sliding out of you. Okay, don't panic, you have all the time in the world. What do you need to do? You glance over at his pants on the floor, which are also soiled from your proactive masturbation session."Okay, we can fix this, we just need to replace everything."You take his Anon's clothes off and gallop towards his room. You rifle through his dresser and find pants and boxers of the same color. Unfortunately, he doesn't have a duplicate of his shirt, but that one is close enough that it should be fine, right? You head down to the laundry room and stuff the soiled clothes in the middle of the pile of dirty clothes. Never have you been so glad that Anon isn't colty enough to do his own laundry. Coming back to the sitting room, you are hit with the pungent odor of your cum.Right. Wet towels with scented soap, and switching out the couch cushion for another in an unused guest room. That's everything, right? You climb up onto the couch and settle back into your spot. Then you see his face, still covered in your saliva....That taken care of, you silently apologize to the cleaning staff and end the time spell. Anon blinks, his jaw fidgeting a little. Oh no, does he still taste you from when you kissed him?"You're a good mare, Starlight."He then rolls his head to face the ceiling and sighs happily. Meanwhile, your stomach churns with guilt. You took advantage of this poor, sweet human, and he has no idea how thoroughly you've violated him. You are the worst.The Crystal Empire. Equestria’s Shining Northern jewel and home to the native, aptly named, crystal ponies. The city in its wholesome was a magnificent grand display of rich architecture and history, with the most impressive piece being the behemoth sized, crystalline castle that climbed towards the sky at the very core of the city. The large crystal spire doubled as a shining beacon of hope that beamed across the cold northern wasteland which spanned for as far as the eye could see in any direction.Among the clear night sky of an average night, the full moon blanketed the crystal Empire in its presence, illuminating the sky with a breathtaking, reflected opalescent white light. The city breathed with life in the late hours of night, but on the contrast, a blissful silence fell throughout the crystal castle’s near empty interior, as was the way of most nights. With the way usually it was, the castle felt like a sacred palace of zen and inner peace that could calm even the most troubled of hearts.“Knock! Knock! Mothafucka!!”This was not one of those nights...A large set of castle doors violently bursted open, reverberating a loud bang throughout the long halls of the crystal castle. The crash of the entrance doors was soon followed by the uproars of laughter from the presence of two beings consisting of a buzzed stallion and a drunken human that were making their way through the castle’s darkened interior.“By Celestia’s ethereal pubes dude! I can’t believe you got away with getting all of those drinks without even giving one mare a single glance throughout the whole time we were there!” Shining Armor loudly exclaimed with disbelief for the third time in that night.“Hey! Its not my fault that every mare in this city wants a piece of my sweet alien’s dickens! besides, what’s the worst they could do if they got angry? flicker a light show at me? Maybe give me a light push?” You sarcastically retorted, making the respective hand gestures in the process. In truth, you were quite happy to have a belly full of drinks pushed your way by interested mares that were trying to get at your King Kong tier monkey dick at the local bar. It had become somewhat of a common ritual for you at this point.“But listen, enough about my shlong and enough about my current, non-existent sex life. I think we’ve, or rather you, have talked about it enough throughout tonight... You know what? If you feel so damn interested in about talking sex, how about we talk about your sex life for a change? Hmm? How goes your sex life Shiny? Still trying out for that kid with the missus?”.Ignoring, or not even registering your sarcasm, Shining’s face lit up with a beaming smile. “Oh! Well, actually now that you bring it up, Cadence and I are still looking for ways for her to possibly conceive. We still haven’t had any luck yet, Though yesterday she did tell me she might have a potential lead on something!”. Shining excitedly prattled on, giggling like a schoolcolt who had just got a love letter from his high school crush. “Oh Anon, I’m so excited! This might just be the one! I can barely wait!” Happy for you friend, you patted him on the back, letting a smile come to your face. “Ay that’s good news! I know you guys’ll get there eventually and hey! I know it may not be any use to you, but if you guys need anything that I can help with just let me know, Celestia still owes me a big favor for that one time I had to go off pretending to be her Monkey boy maid during the last minotaur war chief meetings. Let me tell you, those damn cows were helluva thirsty and very grabby...” shuddering, you still remembered all of those horny female warlords gripping at your behind like you were some kind of bar wench. One of them even went as far as to offer you the top position in their personal pleasure horde should you wish to join them. It was not a very pleasant memory to say the least...“Thanks dude, I’ll be sure to let you know if there is anything you can do to help us with this... situation.” Shining smiled, giving a couple of friendly pats to your leg before his shifted with mild concern. “Speaking of Cadence, I should probably get going, she’s probably wondering where I am right about now and, well, you know how she can get sometimes when I don’t arrive home on time.”Giving him comforting pat on his shoulder, you idly nodded. “I understand buddy, woman problems. Besides getting some sleep would probably do me some good as well.”After saying your quick farewells, you and Shining went your separate ways down the castles corridors, leaving you to stew in your own thoughts. On the treacherous, ten minute journey to your room your brain played out a mental recap of the past six months you’ve been in Equestria to pass the time. This world was definitely an odd one and as if the world wasn’t fucky enough with all of the mythical beasts, super villains and freaky magic that had no effect on you spanning across the world, the thing that threw you off the most on your initial arrival was the fact that all gender roles seemed to be reversed for most of the sapient species that lived on the planet. That really took some time getting used to, but at the same time you learned early on how to abuse that fact. Mainly in being a freeloader at bars while frisky mares pumped out their hard earned bits to try and get into your pants. It hasn’t worked for any of them yet and so far you’ve accumulated a total of forty-six free drinks between your time in Canterlot and the Crystal Empire. Other than that though, your time here has mostly been uneventful. You moved to the Crystal Empire from Canterlot at the personal offering from one Princess Candence and prince Shining Armor. both the prince and princess have been wonderful, supportive friends ever since the first moment you first arrived from the train station and it has remained that way since then. They'd even often bring you along with them for when they went out somewhere, whether it be a boring political dignitary meeting, or just a simple night out at the movies, either way you were highly grateful for the time and effort they spent on your personal comfort while you stayed with them at the Crystal Castle. It wouldn’t even surprise you at this point if somebody came up and told you that you would’ve gone crazy in this world without them.As you finally reach your door and enter your room, you give out a tired groan as you see your bed, imagining it’s warm welcoming embrace. Flopping down on to your bed, you let out a noise that was akin to a diseased opossum as you immediately felt the effects on your body from the soft mattress below, quickly passing out.*knock knock knock!*“Huhgh?” You groggily stirred from your sleep at the sudden disturbance at your door. Looking around you noticed the bright sun shining through your window that illuminated your room. Getting up, you whined at the radiating ache that pulsated from your sore body, while a mild headache made itself known to the north of your cerebellum.*knock!! knock!! knock!!!*“Yeah, Yeah,  I’m coming! hold your damn horseshoes, jeez...” You made with groggy haste to get dressed, not wanting to keep whoever was knocking at your door waiting. After quickly making sure you looked presentable enough in a mirror, you made your way over to your door and opened it up revealing none other than both a smiling Princess Cadence and Shining Armor.“Oh, hey guys, uh, good morning”. You greeted them with mild confusion, trying to shake off the rest of your annoying morning afflictions.Cadence let out a chuckle. “Don’t be ridiculous Anon, it’s already two in the afternoon. You and Shining must have really had one Tartarus of a night”. Shining silently rolled his eyes with a smirk and lightly shook his head at his wife’s claim.You lazily waved your right hand dismissively in the air. “Nah, I just sleep like a sack of bricks... so, uh, what brings you guys here? I don’t mean to sound rude or anything, it’s just you guys don’t usually come to my door personally to say good afternoon”.Both Candence and Shining Armor looked at each other briefly before Cadence gave a single, curt nod towards her husband before their looks both simultaneously fell back on to you. “Would you mind if we come in?” Shining politely asked.“Oh, uh, sure, come on it”. You moved off to the side, allowing them into your spartanly decorated room. As they came in, Cadence immediately walked across the room, laying herself down across your comfy bed while Shining nervously trotted up to you.“You are right Anon, we didn’t just come to say good afternoon... As you know well, Cadence and I have been trying for a baby for a while now. You remember how you briefly brought it up last night? Well, as coincidence would have it, turns out Cadence was closer to a result than I had thought. After I got back from our time out at the bar, She actually found a very possible solution to our problem!”.“Oh! Well that’s great guys!”. You briefly congratulated. “but, I’m assuming you didn’t come all the way to me just for my amazing, interstellar guidance”. To say that you were interested in how this could potentially included you was an understatement.“Well, you see...”. Shining started, trying to find his words, sitting on his haunches as he nervously rubbed his front hooves together.“We had originally thought that the problem was just a simple, natural species barrier that female alicorns have, but after some research, Cadence found out that it’s a different kind of barrier completely. Female alicorns have what you would call a specialized internal magic barrier which protects their eggs from cross species breeding, including normal ponies. The only way male alicorns were able to get through this barrier back in the day was by having overly high amounts of magic stored within their semen, but we can’t replicate these effects because there is no way to properly go through a process without me being seriously hurt along the way...”.You nodded, following along to Shining’s twilight-level science splurging while still trying to piece how any of this had anything to do with you.“So! When I got back and Cadence told me about everything she had learned about, Instead, I thought about ways to just nullify the barrier all together rather than trying to break through it with raw magical force, but as you know, there are very few things in the entirety of this world that are completely anti-magic, even less so that could help us with our specific problem! That’s where you come in...”....Wut?...“We accessed and examined all of the body fluid and DNA samples you gave to the Equestrian government when you first arrived here and we found that your semen is completely magic resistant, like yourself, only your semen also has high magic nullifying effects when put in contact with anything remotely magic, so please hear us out... We believe that if you breed and inseminate Cadence directly, it should completely nullify her interior magic barrier for enough time that I could get her pregnant.”Wait, what!?You could only stammer at the reasoning that was laid out in front of you. It made sense in theory, sure, but it definitely still felt like a direct bitch slap to your brain. “Buh, I, uh, wait! Couldn’t I just, ya know?... maybe give you a fresh sample of my splooge in a jar with a baster?”. You desperately counter offered, trying to wrap your head around what they were asking you to help them do.“Unfortunately, that won’t work”. Cadence spoke up from your right side. “During my studies, we also found out that your semen loses most of it’s magic resisting properties when it’s exposed out in the open for even a little bit, so we’ll have to do it the old fashioned way if this is going to work”.You took a quick look over toward Cadence to gauge her reaction at the possibility of having to have sex with you, expecting her to be repulsed at the mere idea, but to your shaken surprise you found her looking at you with a soft smile. Her eyes ran over your body, drinking in your alien form in a manner you have seen many times from many mares during your late night bar visits...“Anon”. Shining softly pulled your attention away from Cadence back to him. “This may be our only way to ever have a child. You told me yesterday that if I needed your help you would be there, well, I need that help now Anon... I need you to Buck my wife. Please”. Shining determinedly pleaded down at feet. you stared forward a thousand miles away, unable to properly contemplate the huge decision thrown into your lap.After a quick nudge from Shining, you pulled yourself from your infinite gaze. “W-w-well, I-I... *sigh*, I know what I said Shining, S-so, I suppose if you’re both ok with... this... w-we kinda have to at least try.” Your brain automatically spouted out a response as it writhed within a self contained wall of apprehension and stress.“Oh thank you Anon!” Shining gleefully cheered as he bolted up onto his hind legs and pulled you into a brief tight hug before pulling back and looking up at you again. “Oh! By the way, if we are going through with this, would you mind if I watched?”.“W-what?” You shakily ask, taken aback again by Shining’s words.“You know, like, I’ll just sit off in the corner, watch you guys do it and wait until I’m needed, but if you're not comfortable with that, I can always just wait in the next room and come in when she’s ready.”“U-Um, s-sure you can watch, I-I guess, she is your wife after all.” you rubbed the back of your head, still very nervous about having to plow Cadence’s baby tunnel, only now you also had the added pressure having to do in front of Shining as well.“Oh thank you so, so much Anon! This means the world to us.” Shining weepingly cried as he dove back into you and hugged you tighter, slightly crushing your torso.“Really, This does mean the world to us.” Cadence said as she came into your view. She quickly walked around you and hugged your Shining Armorless backside. Leaning across your shoulder, Cadence put her mouth up against your right ear. “How about we meet up at our room around nine in the afternoon? that’ll give us both time to freshen up and give me time to set a good atmosphere.” She seductively whispered, sending a bolt up your spine while suprising you on how much effort she seemed to want to put into this messed up situation.“Uhh, ok, nine o’ clock, got it, I’ll uh, wear something nice.” You babbled like an idiot as both Shining and Cadence broke off their embraces with you and made their way to the door of your room.Shining left the room first with Cadence trailing not for behind, but before Cadence left your room, she she turned back to you once more with a cheeky smile. “By the way Anon, I hear from the local barkeeps that you make yourself out to be quite the Forbidden fruit among mares. It should be interesting to see how this night turns out.” With a wink and a blown kiss, Cadence left your room, closing the door behind her, leaving you standing still in the centre of your room, gawking like an idiot. unresponsive as a statue, you couldn’t help but stand in place, just processing everything had just happened and everything that was now going to happen.‘Damn, maybe I should have just slept in...’ you mused to yourself before walking off, having to make preparations.For the next few hours your mind wracked itself with anxiety from the thoughts of what was about to happen. You really cared for Shining Armor and Cadence, so in a way, it felt like betraying them. But they asked you for this, hell, they outright said that they were solely depending on you for this!. You couldn’t bare to let them down, especially since they were talking about their potential possibility of ever having a child of their own.After a quick, unfulfilling dinner, you had a long drawn out shower, contemplating in your head what might transpire in Shining and Cadence’s room later. Steeling your nerves to the best of your ability, you got out of your shower, drying off quickly before dressing yourself up with a set of nice dress pants and a cozy blue dress shirt, both made by a reputable seamstress that both Shining and Cadence knew from a small town called ponyville.By the time you were finished freshening up and making yourself look nice, it was just about time to head out to your fate.Giving yourself one last look over in the mirror of your room and finding nothing out of place, you left your room silently, letting out a sigh as you closed your door behind you. Tightening your resolve once more, you began your journey to the highest part of the castle. The trek felt a lot shorter than usual you thought to yourself as you stood unmoving at the entrance to Shining and Cadence’s room. Holding your arm up, it took you a few seconds to build up the courage to give a few hard knocks against the ordinate door.After a few seconds you heard the large doors lock unlatch. The door moaned as it slowly opened, but all of the ominous flair was thrown out the window when behind the door revealed a very excited looking Shining Armor wearing four very frilly, blue socks and a collar with a crystal heart in the centre, much like the ones on Cadence’s flanks.“Anon! Come on in!” Shining beamed as he reached out and pulled you into the large room entrance before kicking the large door behind you shut. “Just so you know Cadence is waiting for us upstairs, but I thought I’d come to greet you and make sure one last time that you are ok with going through with this. Both Cadence and I care deeply about you and your feelings so we really don’t want to force you through anything you don’t want to do... there may still be other ways after all.” He sheepishly offered as he rubbed your leg in a comforting fashion.You give him a reassuring smile before ruffling up his mane with your hand. “Don’t be silly you white goof.” you chuckled. “I didn’t come this far just to back out now... Listen I care a lot about you guys. you’re the closest thing I have to a family anymore on this planet, so I’ll be damned if I am going deny you yours over something as simple as a stupid species barrier.” You finished your little speech with renewed determination and a proud pose.To your surprise, Shining Armor’s face suddenly wavered as tears appeared in his eyes before he threw himself forward and tackled you into a tight hug, letting out a few sobs.“Thank you Anon...” he muttered into your chest. “I-I was really worried about all of this at first... There were so many potential dangerous constables and with the few choices we had... I-I didn’t know what to do...”Not really knowing what to say over Shining’s sudden emotional display, you simply wrapped your arms around him, listening as he poured out a piece of his heart to you.“...But, when I nearly lost all hope, a new option popped up. That option was you.” He said pulling back slightly, now looking you in the eyes.“Heh... looking back on it now, it’s pretty silly, Cadence and I spent hours just stressing out and thinking of ways we could approach you with the offer, but, when we asked you... you just, accepted it... no questions, no compromises, no demands... I just... I... What I’m trying to say is...”Before anything else could be said, Shining pulled you down to his level, lightly locking lips with you in a soft kiss.The kiss was brief, but it was more than enough to temporarily fry your brain like an egg. Breaking the kiss, smiling, Shining quickly turned around and made his way over to the bottom of the steps leading up to his room. “Please wait here for a moment, there’s something I need to quickly talk to cadence about.” Was all he said as he ran up the stairs, leaving you where you stood with an agape expression.Blinking back into reality, you touched your fingers to your lips while a hundred questions swam around in your head in an instant. You didn’t even know how to feel about what just happened, but you knew that a certain white pony was going to get a talking to once this night was over.For the next fifteen minutes you paced the entrance lobby, waiting for Shining to make his valiant return, the kiss lingered in your mind, but you tried to not let it get you unnecessarily riled up. Slightly agitated from the suspense, you were going to check the clock that you had found on the lobby wall for the fourth time but as your gaze passed the stairwell on the way, you saw a small floating letter encapsulated in a light blue aura float down the stairs.Walking over you plucked the small piece of paper out of the air and unfolded it. ‘We’re ready for you.’ Was all that was neatly written on the page.Seeing no way to misinterpret the message, as well as no other way to go, you let out a final calming sigh as you approached the bottom of the stairway, once you reached the first step though, you braved a glance up the staircase. Although there were only around thirty steps on the stairs, the distance looked like miles as you stared up into the darkened, looming upper hallway.Taking your first step, you felt the familiar wracking felling of anxiety trying to come back at full force. swallowing hard, you shoved those feelings down to the best of your abilities as you continued your way up the steps.Each slow step you took up made those feelings of fear and stress you tried to withhold fight back with terrible force , only finally staving off as you reached the top of the stairs where you attention was pulled elsewhere.You were greeted by a long, dark hallway that ended in a large set of very regal looking doors that currently had a warm light flickering from be small crevice underneath, with the light being the only thing illuminating your path to the room, drawing you in like a moth to a flame.As you took forward down the dark hall. the click of your heels against the crystal floor echoed, giving off an annoyingly loud clack for each step that pounded in your head like a hammer. Finally reaching the main door, you ran your right hand against its surface, taking note of the smooth texture and every groove, hoping to take your mind off of what might be waiting behind.Forcing your eyes straight, you gripped the handle of the large right door and twisted it, before giving it a good push forward as you held your breath and walked with it as it creaked.Entering the large dark bedroom, you were entranced by the glow of the many candles that lined the room, giving off a cozy warmth that felt rather intimate. Looking to the left of the room you saw a large chair and the faded outline of where Shining was currently sitting, a purple, glowing vial sat besides him. You were about to call over to him, but a soft, feminine “ahem” pulled your attention to your right.Your heart nearly stopped working as your eyes gazed over to the large bed on the right side of the room...Before you there laid Cadence seductively splayed out, no longer clad in her royal regalia, but in a crystal blue lingerie which resembled that of that of a harem outfit. The soft, sparkling wisps of frilly fabric gleamed in the candles light with the ordinate gold chains that hugged her chest and hips, accentuating every single curve of her tight, pink body. “Hello anon~” Cadence purred as she slowly slid her right hoof across and down her body. “Mmmm~ my don’t you just look cute tonight~” She cooed, slowly Rolling over on her belly, showing off her exposed hips and the thin loincloth of soft fabric that barely covered her backside. “Are you ready to get bucked by a pony princess?”You couldn’t help but stutter as both your brain and heart tried to recover from the sudden reboot they required to process what was in front of you. All of the while Cadence patiently waited on the bed, giving you bedroom eyes and a flirtatious smirk, clearly amused by your bumbling reaction.“There is no need to be shy Anon, I don’t bite...” Cadence giggled as her horn lit up a beautiful blue and you felt a tug on your pant leg pulling you forward, beckoning you closer to her. “Hehehe, that is, unless you want me to~.” She finished as you now stood at the edge of the bed, right in front of her.Cadence, much like when she stood, still only came up to your chest as she laid attentively across the bed. Her eyes roamed over your body like how a wolf would assess it’s prey, her staring only stopped as her gaze finally reached the bulge of your crotch.Letting out a sweet coo Cadence gave a quick nuzzle to your stomach before dipping her head down lower, lightly pressing her muzzle against your covered, hardening shaft and taking in a deep inhale through her nostrils, making your body tense up.Looking back up to meet your eyes, Cadence gave you a warm smile. “Hmm, You smell good, almost like a stallion but more potent and musky.” Leaning back down, Cadence took another sharp inhale as she buried her face back in your groin.Giving off a light shudder, Cadence pulled back again, innocently glancing up to meet your eyes again. “Would you mind if I see your cock? I’m really curious to see what kind of treat you’ll be shoving in me soon~.”Unable to properly respond from Cadence’s overdose of dirty talk and lewd actions, you nervously give a couple of nods as you shakily moved your hands toward your pants, but before you could reach them Cadence raised her hoof blocking your hand. Curious as to why she stopped your movements, you looked back to Cadence, only to find her mischievously smirking at you.  “Please, allow me.” Cadence playfully hummed as her horn lit back up. You felt your belt magically being come undone as the top button of you pants was popped open. Maintaining eye contact with you, Cadence slowly bent down, taking the zipper of your pants between her teeth and delicately pulling in down, loosening your pants enough for them to fall down on their own.Cadence excitedly gazed at your tight, tented boxers, clearly not wanting to waste any time she swiftly bit the hem of your boxers and yanked them down, exposing your now rock hard cock as it sprung out, smacking cadence in her jaw.Pulling back in slight shock, cadence could only stare wide eyed, agape at your solid eight inch shaft that currently was in front of her face. Lifting her silken covered hoof, cadence stroked the underside of your shaft, the smooth fabric sending shocks of pleasure up your body, causing you to lightly groan and inhale a sharp suck of air through your gritted teeth.Happy with your reaction, cadence sped up her stroking. “Mmmm, before we get started, would you mind telling me how long humans last?” Panting from her continued stroking, you shut your eyes. “I-I uh, don’t really know the a-average, but I usually last around h-half an hour.”Cadence immediately and completely ceased her movements.Recovering from her teasing, you opened your eyes and looked down at her and to your surprise you found her nervously staring at your cock, her face beet red and sweaty. “D-do you really last that long?” Shining’s voice asked from across the room.“Uh, yeah... more or less.” You nervously turned to him. Looking back to Cadence, you were amused by seeing her former alpha style Bravado falter and couldn’t help but smirk. “What’s the matter Princess? Too much for you to handle?”Snapping out of her stupor, Cadence’s eyes became determined as a wicked grin spread across her face. “Don’t get too cocky.” She growled. “Your species isn’t the only one with good endurance.” Before you could fire back a witty remark, Cadence dipped her head down to your shaft and started lathering your cock with her silky tongue catching you off guard.You immediately lost some of the control you had in your legs as Cadence started worshiping your cock, randomly stroking her tongue across your swelling, sensitive shaft. She had you under her spell now and it was clear that she knew this as well.Cadence let out a cute giggle while giving the underside of your cock a long, drawn out lick upward, as she reached the tip of your cock she begin to spin her tongue in fast circles, causing you to clench your fists from the fissures of pleasure bolting up from your sensitive cock head. Relenting in her assault, Cadence gave your swollen cock a single tender kiss. “What’s the matter Anon? To much for you to handle?~” Cadence mockingly teased. Not wanting to be beat out by a smug horse princess, you responded by grabbing her horn and thrusting forward, burying half of your cock down her muzzle.Feeling that you might have gone a little far, you began to pull out, only to have a hard suckle around your cock pull you back into her mouth, Cadence let out a hearty moan sending sweet vibrations all around your shaft. You were given very little prep time as you felt both of Cadences hooves dig and kneed into your buttocks while she started to sloppily suck on your cock with fervor.Losing yourself in pleasure, you looked down to Cadence to find her beautiful magenta eyes looking up to you with a gleam of mischief, the sides of her mouth turn upwards in a wicked grin. Pulling you forward with her hooves, Cadence started pushing her face towards you, sinking your cock in her mouth until you felt the sudden resistance from the entrance of her throat. Breathing out a loud snort Cadence forcefully thrusted her face forward again, effectively burying your cock to the hilt down her throat.You couldn’t help but frantically pant as you felt Cadence lightly gag around your throbbing cock. Her throat felt like a wet, constricting tunnel that was specifically made to be a perfect cock sleeve, it really made you perversely wonder how her heavenly her other holes felt.Slowly pulling back, Cadence took a deep breath through her nose before noisily diving back down to the base of your cock with a loud choke. Throwing your head back, Cadence started suckling you down her throat faster and faster until a stream of spit pooled from around your shaft every time she pulled back from your cock. You could feel the pressure building in your balls as she freely jackhammered her face into your groin like a crazed sex fiend.Your legs buckled as your arms instinctively shot out grabbing Cadences head. Looking down you again you found her staring directly at you, not breaking eye contact as she slammed her face over and over into your pelvis and as much as you didn’t want to stop her, you knew you wouldn’t last much longer. Using your superior strength, you firmly pried her face from your cock, all the while she struggled trying to get you back in.Finally free from her maw with a loud *pop!*, you let out a shaky but agitated groan. “So... *huff* that’s the way you wanna play huh? Phew... Fine, Two can play at that game.” suddenly you grabbed Cadence’s mid section and with your strength, spun her around before straddling your weight onto her back, effectively pinning her to the bed.As you were presented with the princesses wonderful, barely concealed bubblegum colored behind, you decided to test the waters. You sunk both of your hands into Her flanks, kneading the soft but firm flesh in the palms of your hands.It was Cadences turn to tense up, clearly not used to the type of treatment she was currently receiving. She let out a moan from the new sensations of your human fingers sinking into the supple flesh of her ass cheeks.You savoured the way Cadences ass cheeks fitted and molded perfectly into your hands as you squeezed them, urging you to push further with your violationFeeling more brave from the mass amount of hormones pumping through your brain, you stopped your groping. Using your left hand, you carefully lifted the thin piece of silky blue fabric that covered Cadences most precious jewel earning a shaky whimper from the pink princess. you lifted the cover higher, revealing Cadences puffy, moist marehood in all of its winking glory. You couldn’t help but notice the many thin gooey strains of marecum that were connected between her soaked lower lips to the lifted, damp loincloth.Feeling that smug bravado rise again, you dipped your right hand down and started rubbing Cadences puffy outer lips in a slow circular motion, earning a sharp gasp from the now quivering princess underneath you.Feeling the flow of marecum start to pool in your hand, you let out a devilish chuckle. “Oh my, it looks like a certain slutty pink Princess is enjoying this a lot more than she let on.”“Aah! N-no! I-I-I’m just n-not used to t-this much-NNNNGH!!” Giving no quarter, you buried your index finger down to the knuckle in her tight snatch, causing Cadences thighs to instinctively clamp shut from the unknown intrusion.Even though your hand was trapped in-between the vice grip of Cadences pillowy thigh muscles, the only thing you could focus on was the finger you still had shoved inside of the Princess. you felt every muscle of her steaming hot inner walls squeeze and pull on your finger, trying to draw you deeper in. The rhythm on which Cadences pussy tried to milk your finger was as lewd as it was intoxicating to feel and the small breaths that escaped her every time her innards tensed only made you want to skip all of the build up and fuck the pink pony’s brains out.But not being one to rush a good thing though, you decided to see how far you could push Cadences limits.You gave the finger trapped in Cadence a few slow twirls, earning you a another pitiful whimper as you felt her body start to loosen up. Taking the opportunity, you slowly dragged your finger out of her marehood at a painfully slow pace, only to plunge it back in with your middle finger added into the mix.Cadence let out loud, choked out grunt while she clenched her hooves tightly into the bedsheets. A large spurt of marecum gushed around your fingers as you slowly started fingering her needy pussy. Leaning yourself forward, you whispered into her ear. “C’mon Cadence, I knew mares were quick shooters, but I was hoping that you’d be able to last at least a bit longer... or perhaps you want me to keep going until you can’t function properly?”The only response you got was Cadence pathetically whimpering as she tightened up her inner walls even more around your fingers while she bashfully buried her red face into the bed.“Hmm, well at least your body is being honest...” You straightened your pose and started a fast rhythm with your right hand, quickly fingering Cadence while your left hand slid up her side to her back, stopping right underneath her wing joints.“But I’m going to need something more verbal.” You slid you left hand up and applied a light pressure in between her wings with your fingers making them instinctively shoot out from her sides.A hearty, muffled groan escaped Cadence into the bed while a violent shiver ran down her body. Taking a moment to yourself while you continued your lewd actions on Cadence, you took a glance across the room towards Shining, curious as what how he was doing all of this time. Shining sat in front of a cum stained floor, staring intensely at the show of you violating his wife, stroking his hard, throbbing stallion cock with his magic, working his way to make the floor even messier. “Heh, Enjoying the view?” You coyly asked.“Y-yes, very much so.” He shakily responded, his fast paced stroking unhindered. “Oh Buck!” Cadence suddenly cried out from underneath you, her whole body violently convulsed from her second orgasm, giving your right hand another cleansing of mare juice.Pulling your fingers out of cadence, you gave her ass a firm smack for interrupting your conversation with Shining, earning you a worn out groan from her before you softly rubbed and her flanks letting her body temporarily relax. “So” you started, regaining Shining’s attention. “Any requests?” You asked with a smirk. Shining slowed his stroking down to a stop, his face slowly contorted into deep thought. Before a minute could pass his face lit up like a firework as he beckoned you over clearly not wanting to ruin the surprise. Letting out a groan as you lifted yourself off of Cadence and the pleasant warmth of the bed. You awkwardly shuffled over to shining, making sure to avoid his happytime mess and leaned down to him so he could share whatever weird act he may have come up with for you to do.Leaning closer, it was made quite clear that shiny was excited over the imaginary power you gave him. “So, what do you got for me bud?” You asked in a hushed tone.“Cadence’s most sensitive places are her wings and her horn, now, I’ve tried to get her off on just that, but I’ve never had any luck, but you might have more luck with your hands. What do you think?” Shining rubbed his hooves together with held back excitement, obviously nervous about your answer.“Hehe, lemme see what I can do.” You chuckled giving Shining a pat of the shoulder before rubbing your hands together, intrigued by the intimate secret shining just shared with you.Turning around, you made your way back to the bed were Cadence was recovering well from your previous sexual attack. Noticing you approach the bed, Cadence nervously looked up at your towering form.“W-what did Shining tell you?” She timidly asked as shuffled in place.“Oh, nothing” you idly brushed her off as you slowly lifted your left hand and gently grabbed the base of Cadence’s horn, slowly rolling your fingers around it. Cadence’s eyes crossed upwards to focus your hand and her mouth silently fumbled as she finally realized what you were about to do. “C-could we m-m-uhg! Maybe talk a-about this?”“Nope.” Is all you responded with as you quickly hopped yourself back into position, straddling Cadences rump without letting go of her horn.Savouring the moment of Cadences pleasure, you tugged back on her horn and dipped your head down, slowly dragging your tongue across her horn, forcing a very unladylike noise to escape her mouth.Accepting that as a green light to continue, you slowly started stroking the length of her horn while you began to firmly explore her now unfurled right wing with your free hand.You couldn’t help but mentality take note of every bit of Cadences sexy body you explored. from her silky smooth horn and the fine grooves that naturally spun around it, to the softness of her wings that would react to the lightest of touches that you would give, it was therapeutic to watch her body react in the most positive of ways from your efforts.deciding to take it up notch, you let go of Cadences horn and focused both of your hands efforts into her wings. The effect was pleasantly immediate as her head shot up with a silent scream. You firmly tugged on her guiding feathers while you bend down and trailed light kisses across her erect wings.Cadence at this point was a panting, groaning mess from your pleasurable onslaught and you couldn’t help but love it. It made you want more. Being a bit more gruff than you intended, you roughly grabbed the bases of her wings and sharply yanked on both of them throwing Cadence into an shaking, orgasming fit. “Buck, Buck! Buck!! f-f-f-Fuck!!!” She screamed, throwing you off with her use of the human curse. She flopping into the bed, violently shaking and taking deep gulps of air. “N-n-no m-m-more. b-b-breather...” Was all she could exhaustedly muster.Chuckling, you got up off of her and the bed so she could relax alone. As you made your way over to the bedrooms internal bathroom to freshen up, you passed by Shining, who was also panting in post orgasm with a now bigger pile of his own seed across the floor in front of him.Walking past him, you gave two quick pats to his shoulder before entering the bathroom and shutting the door behind you.Walking up the the mirror you let out a breath as you leaned forward on the sink and looked at your own reflection, feeling as if you were in some kind of dream state from all of this. But now wasn’t the time for potential second thoughts or untimely revelations. Turning on the sink tap, you cupped a handful of water and quickly rinsed off your face. “Alright, let’s go plow the fucking shit out of some pink pony princess pussy!” You pumped yourself up with a raging hard cock. giving yourself two light slaps to the face, you let out one final deep breath and left the bathroom.As you reentered the bedroom area, you were happy to find that both shining and Cadence had recovered well, with Shining surprisingly hard again and Cadence, slightly disheveled looking, sitting up on the bed looking very eager with a hint of mischief in the smirk she wore towards you.Walking back to the bed, Cadences cocky grin only grew wider as you drew closer. Finally reaching the end of the bed, you were about to say some something along the lines of a bad porno line, but were cut off as Cadence suddenly bolted up and roughly pulled you down to the bed on your back.Taking advantage of your surprised state, Cadence quickly hopped up on you and straddled your waist, expertly trapping your cock in between her puffy, hot lower lips.“Mmm~ I won’t lie Anon, I could easily get addicted to the way you treat a mare, so why don’t you show me the kind of damage you can do to me with this big cock of yours?~”. She emphasized her words by slowly grinding herself against your sandwiched shaft, drenching your cock in her juices. Leaning down beside your head, Cadence gave your ear a drawn out lick. “Who knows? I might just be your little cock slave by the time we’re done.~” She softly purred in your ear.You Shuddered from the sensation of the sweet, dirty whispers in your ear. Now you felt nervous about Cadence’s sudden, aggressive sexual bipolarism, so much in fact that you held up your hands in-front of yourself in defence. “Well I-uh, I thought that you’d want to make love... Um, you know, because you’re the princess of love?” You nervously prattled while Cadence continued her rhythmic grinding, sending waves of pleasure up your body.Cadence’s grin only broadened at your display of naivety. “Hmhmhm, you’d think that, wouldn’t you? Well there is something I should probably let you know.” Cadence shifted her hips up before slowly sinking back downward, wedging the fat head of your cock into the entrance of her leaky cavern. “I may be the princess of love, but this pony princess doesn’t make love... this pony princess Fucks!!!”Cadence roughly thrusted her body down burying more than half of your cock inside her before her inner walls instinctively clamped around you, trapping your cock deep within her. Cadence’s insides were as hot as a furnace and as silky smooth as the lingerie she wore. her inner walls gripped around your cock like a vice, randomly squeezing and flexing as her body tried to milk you while still adjusting to accommodate the foreign shape of your cock.Cadence shakily cooed as she was getting used to the feeling of your human prick inside of her, you however felt the sudden loss your self control to the unmatched feeling of a fully controlled pussy tending to you.Your hands shot out and tightly gripped onto Cadence’s hips. You roughly pulled her down you while simultaneously giving a hard thrust upwards, forcefully driving yourself through her tightly flexed cunt to the hilt. the head of your cock firmly mashed up against her cervix as your groins collided with a wet *smack!*.Cadence threw up her head and let out a shrill screech, her front hooves painfully gripped and dug into your shoulders. Her inner walls convulsed at random, trying desperately to get a proper grip around your intrusive flesh stick. You sat still letting Cadence adjust to your full length while she heavily panted in your lap, clearly disorientated and very sweaty. “OoOoo...That’sss the spot~”. she dreamily uttered.Cadence begin to gyrate her hips in a circle, slowly churning her insides with your cock. “Mmmm!~ the shape of your cock is amazing, it just hits the perfect spots.” To emphasize her words, she leaned backwards, driving your cock up Into her belly, scrapping your length up against her g-spot, electing a lively gasp from her mouth.Letting out another shaky breath, Cadence leaned back forward, slowly lifting herself up off of your cock, only to drop back down as she reached half way, creating a erotic, meaty *Plap!* as your sticky bodies collided.“Come on! Mess me up! Fuck me until I can’t walk!! Fill me up and make me your broodmare!!!” Cadence hungrily pleaded as she started bouncing rapidly on your cock.Not wanting to disappoint, you re-gripped Cadences hips with fresh vigor and started thrusting up to the opposite of her movements, creating a rhythm where whenever cadence dropped down, you’d thrust up, making your bodies meet at the middle with a sharp slap, with each one sounding more sloppier than the last.You felt the familiar digging sensation of Cadence’s shaky hooves in your shoulders, you both picked up the pace of your movements, reveling in the waves of furious pleasure that you both forced out from each other’s body.Right as you picked up the pace a notch further, Cadence let out a sharp cry. she stiffened like a board and collapsed onto your chest as she began riding out another powerful orgasm, drenching your groin with copious amounts of her liquid love.Unhindered, you continued your unrelenting pounding, too enraptured within the euphoric pleasure that was numbing your brain. Cadences eyes began rolling back into her head as you harshly pulled her limp body down on you cock while driving yourself up into her deepest parts. Her pussy desperately tried to clamp down on your shaft to cease your assault on her insides during her climax with little accomplishment. The copious amounts of body lubricants leaking from her snatch made sure of that.Cadence hit her second body wrecking orgasm in a row and you immediately stopped your thrusting motions with barely controlled restraint, letting Her ride out the fissure of pleasure she was clearly having trouble handling.Cadence gripped on to your body like her life depended on it, her eyes fluttered, unfocused. drool poured from the sides of her mouth, pooling into your shoulder and onto the now ruined beds sheets. It was fair to say by this point that you were quite proud of your apparent untouched sexual potential amongst ponykind, which you would totally not abuse later down the line...A heavy male grunt pulled you out of your thoughts as you looked over to find Shining sitting, panting in the aftermath of another orgasm of his own with his now flattening semi erect horsecock drooling onto the floor.No matter what he was using to get hard over and over again, it was clear to you that Shining didn’t have much energy left and to be fair you were getting close, if not a little worn out yourself, but he was still integral if you wanted this whole thing to be more than just an excuse of “fuck my friends wife for a good time”. Amongst your group break, a smirk came to your face as you planned out your finishing act for the night.The room drifted heavy with the smell of sex and sweat wafting with the humidity created by the three burning bodies trapped in its closed walls. It was challenging to breath properly without tasting the the sickly, erotic air and everything it carried with it, which only fuelled you to push further to complete your intended task.Unceremoniously, you pulled yourself out of Cadence and rolled her off of your chest onto the now sexually trashed bed belly down. After you made sure she wasn’t going to try and go anywhere, you reached to the top of the bed and quickly snatched one of the large pillows that had gone unused during your christian faith destroying performance. Leaning back, You lifted Cadence by her waist, quickly propping the puffy pillow underneath her, giving her lower back a proper rump presenting arch.Positioning yourself behind her, you pushed forward and easily slid your hard cock back into her hungry slit which welcomed you back in with little to no resistance. slowly you sunk your length into her depths until the tip of your shaft was once again greeted by the contact of her soft cervical wall, eliciting a sharp shiver and a guttural noise out of the seemingly near brain dead princess.Starting back up your thrusting at a brisk pace, cadence tightly bit the bed sheets, the bedroom was once again filled with the sounds of hard, wet slaps and heavy grunts as you returned to your pony pussy pounding, only now from behind. Cadence’s limp body idly shook with random tremors, her wings extended and shivered unevenly in spurts, she drooled and mumbled sweet incoherent nothings in the air while you continued to ravaged her like an animal desperate to breed.You could feel yourself edge closer to your end with every deep, hard thrust you pumped into the powerless pony princess beneath you. Your breathing became heavy as you used every bit of your willpower to stave of your impeding climaxGrabbing a fistful of her mane, you yanked Cadences head up off of the bed forcing her to looking in the direction of Shining as you picked up your thrusting speed to eleven. The small room echoed the loud slaps of your body being driven into Cadences sloppy worn cunt again and again.You couldn’t help but watch as your friends eyes lovingly met and stared at each other while you continued your rapid thrusts, quickly climbing up to the peak of your climax“Go on! tell him how love it! Tell him how much you want it!” You ordered down to Cadence with shaky breath as you continued your furious fucking without missing a beat.“Itsh soo goood~ pleash breed me like the little shlut I ahm. I neeed it!~” Cadence love drunkenly slurred, her eyes still focused in unwavering contact with her husband who was rapidly stroking his cock in time with your violent thrusts.With a strained grunt, you grabbed hold of the base of Cadences tail with your free hand and yanked in up hard as you hilted your cock into her cunt one final time, unleashing the hot torrent of cum that you had been building up throughout the late evening, pumping Cadences womb full of your thick, milky seed. Cadence let out a sharp, choked out screech, her eyes rolled into the back of her skull and her teeth tightly grit shut, droll pooling from the sides of her mouth. Her pussy fiercely  squeezed your cock for everything it had with a Herculean strength grip, before tapering of into a rhythm of lighter pulsating strokes. As you Let go of the fistful of hair coiled around your hand, Cadence’s head fell ungracefully onto the bed with a muffled *Pomf*.Exhaling out a heavy breath you were holding, you pulled your softening cock out of Cadence’s now creamy, cum filled hole with a audible wet, *Schlick* and carelessly flopped onto your side on the bed finally completely worn out from the late night P.E session. “You’re up bud.” You lazily called out in a light daze to Shining from across the room. You heaved heavy, laboured breaths and out of the corner of your eye watched as Shining walked over to his limp wife and shakily mounted her, not even earning so much as a twitch reaction out of her unresponsive body.After only a few laboured thrusts, Shining clenched up and hilted Cadence hitting his own final climax for the night before sweetly snuggling up on top of his wife in a make shift sexual doggypile. You watched as Cadence finally stirred back into conscienceless, slowly she lifted her head up to meet Shining’s body with a nuzzle and a purr.Rolling onto your back, you briefly starred at the ceiling before you let you eyes slowly drift shut. You felt the weightless feeling of sleep start you grip at your mind but a light ruffing sound and the shuffling on the bed stirred you back awake before two warm, sticky bodies pressed up against both of your sides, sandwiching you between themselves like some kind of sexual fluid filled oreo cookie. two muzzles pressed up into each side of your neck, nestling up into your jawline. A small smile came to your face as you relaxed once again and let grip your conscience.(Nine months later)After that fateful night, Shining and Cadence offered you into an open relationship the very next morning, apparently that being the thing they had discussed during the fifteen minutes that Shining had left you in at entrance lobby. The sudden request was defiantly a shock, but after a couple days consideration you took up their offer, craving an intimacy you had not realized you were starved from.What followed after was the best nine months of your life. Your bond with the two ponies you loved grew exponentially from the first day you accepted their offer and that only enhanced as time moved forward. You couldn’t even recall the countless nights of cuddling, love making and general bonding that passed in those nine months, in the end, you wouldn’t trade it for your ticket home.You stood alone along a tall balcony of the Crystal Empire’s general hospital looking over the city, Cadence had just given birth to a beautiful alicorn foal around twenty minutes ago and now you were just getting some fresh air from all of the excitement, slightly worried about your future.A louder set of metallic hoofsteps alerted you to the presence of somepony walking up to you. As you turned, you were surprised to find no other than Princess Celestia standing behind you, looking at you with her signature motherly smile. “Hey Celly, long time no see.” You relaxed, leaning your back against the balcony’s railing.At the use of your personal, made up pet name, Celestia’s smile grew. “Hm-hm-hm, it is good to see you as well after all of this time Anon, it would seem you have keeping been busy with life lately”.“Yeah, I guess you could say that.” You trailed off, turning back around to the cityscape as Celestia trotted up besides you. “Have you picked out a name yet?” Celestia curiously asked you.“Flurry Heart. It was Shining’s idea. Cadence and I agreed on it.” You idly mused as you continued your gaze across the city.Celestia laid a reassuring wing across your shoulder. “I understand that you feel worried about how this will effect your friendship with Shining and Cadence my dear human, which is why I am coming to you with a proposition of my own that you may find to be a suitable compromise.” She pulled you close to her body with the draped wing she had over your shoulder all the while you waited and listened, interested in what she could possibly offer to you.“Candence shared with me how she was able to conceive a child Anon...”. She revealed, making your face go pale at thought of her knowing of all of the deprived sexual deviancy that you’ve committed against her niece for the past nine months.“How would you feel about helping out an older alicorn bare a child Anon?” Celestia coyly asked out of the blue.Well... things just got a lot more interesting...(To be continued?)“Anon, would you fuck my little sister?”“What?!”Bacon Sizzle, age eighteen, is now asking you, Anon, whether you would have sexual relations with his little sister Coconut Cream, age eight. At least, that’s what it sounds like he’s asking. As you raise an eyebrow in curiosity while he waits for your answer with a smug look on his face, you scoff awkwardly, trying to think of how he even came up with a question like that. Had you done something weird since you walked in? Had you spent too long talking to his little sister before the two of you went up to his room to have bro time?“Naw, I’m just messin’ with you, dude,” Bacon Sizzle says before you can answer, allowing you to wipe a sweat drop from your forehead. It’s not that you’re attracted to his little sister at all, but at the same time, you want to avoid the possibility of being mistaken for being attracted to her, which would make things even weirder, especially since you hang out at his place all the time.You and Bacon Sizzle have been friends since high school when everyone was making fun of you for having hands and walking on two feet, despite how in your world, your species would ride them just for fun. It was never really explained how you ended up there in the first place, but once you and Bacon Sizzle became friends, none of that other stuff really seemed to matter anymore. The two of you just accepted that that’s how reality apparently works sometimes, and even if you could change things around to put yourself back in your world, it wouldn’t necessarily be any better than the world you’re living in now.“What would you have done if I said yes?” you reply at his terrible joke.“Uhh, I would break your dick for one, and number two, I would never let you see her again.”“...Again, I’m still not sure why you asked me in the first place. In fact, now that you’ve told me the consequences, even if I was attracted to your sister, I would still say no.”“You’d better.”Bacon Sizzle then proceeds by levitating a potato chip into his mouth while flipping over the page of his comic book as he lays comfily on his bed, leaving you sitting on the floor without snacks or entertainment. This was supposed to be a sleepover where the two of you do whatever bros do when they have a totally heterosexual bros night, but so far, it’s just been the two of you talking about random junk while you sit on the floor. Not that that’s bad or anything; in all honesty, with all the awkwardness that comes about when you’re a human living in a place where you’re the anomaly, it’s nice to actually just have a normal conversation every once in a while, like you’re just like everypony else. Oh, crap. Are you seriously starting to use the word “everypony” now too? As if this night could get any worse.*Bzzzzzt! Bzzzzzzt!*And here it comes!“Hello?” Bacon Sizzle says, answering his cell phone with his horn, making you wonder how earth ponies could ever use those things. “Wait, tonight?! But this is so last minute! Are you sure Summer Breeze can’t… Oh, Summer Breeze has been in an accident? OK, uh… Yeah, I understand. I’ll be right there.”Just as Bacon Sizzle hangs up his phone, though, he covers his face with his pillow and groans angrily. “Sounds like somepony had a fun conversation there,” you say with a jocular tone in your voice. “What’s going on?”“That was my boss. Sorry, Anon, but it looks like the sleepover might not happen tonight. There was a last minute emergency and they need someone there to--SHIT!”“Wow. Sounds pretty serious. You sure you’ve eaten enough chips for that?”“No, don’t be weird.” Then, looking at his phone and back at the clock to his side, his face grows more and more nervous. “It’s Coconut Cream. I told my parents that you and me would stay here to babysit while they spend the night in Fillydelphia, but if I don’t go into work right now, I could lose my job!”Suddenly, just as you were beginning to whine about how much your sleepover sucked, the fact that it’s beginning to unravel like this makes you legitimately disappointed that it’s coming to a close this soon. “Well, what time do you finish? Maybe she could go over to a friend’s house while I stay here and wait for you?”“That’s it, Anon!” Bacon Sizzle exclaims, grabbing you by the shoulders with a shake.“What’s it? Was that legitimately a good idea?”“No! I mean, yes, but--Anyway, what if you babysat my kid sister while I went to work? I should be back by eleven and we can have an up all night party after that!”When you had cleared up your busy schedule of not doing anything today, the last thing you had in mind was babysitting some eight year old filly while her brother was at work. How do you even entertain a kid like that? The first idea that comes to your head is to flat out tell him no so you can just spend the rest of the day back at your place, but even if you took off on him, that wouldn’t fix the problem of his sister needing supervision. He had invited you into his home, after all, and calling it a dick move would be an understatement if you bailed on him in his time of need just because you didn’t want to be bored for a couple hours.With his grin widening and your shoulders slumping, you exhale a sigh and say, “Fiiine. Is there anything I should know before you take off, or…?”“Yeah! Don’t let her burn down the house or die. I think that’s about everything.”By this point, Bacon Sizzle is already making his way towards the front door, causing you to think that there might be something important that he’s glossing over. “Wait! Hold on a second! Am I supposed to cook her dinner or--?”“Anon, you’ve hung out with me a hundred times by now. I’m pretty sure you know Coconut Cream better than anyone else I can think of, and if she needs anything, I’m pretty sure you would know how to take care of it. Besides, if she gets hungry at all, she’ll probably cook you something. That is her special talent, after all.”“OK. Cool. So uh… see you at eleven?”“Yup. See ya, Anon!”Then, upon slamming the door in a haste, he leaves you alone in the house with his sister, making the nerves kick in despite the fact that all you have to do is literally just prevent a fire or death from happening. She hadn’t done either of those two things before, so there shouldn’t be any problem with it tonight, right? Still, though, even though it would take a borderline act of Celestia for something to go wrong in the next couple hours while Bacon Sizzle is at work, it still feels like you need to check up on her, just to make sure everything’s OK. The last thing you want is your negligence to end up being the cause of your best friend’s parents getting a divorce or something similarly unrealistic.As you tiptoe your way into the living room, you see a small filly with a light cyan coat, a pink and green mane, and a coconut pie cutie mark sitting on the sofa, flipping through a book. ‘Good,’ you think, turning your back to head up the stairs again. ‘She’s just reading. There’s no way she could cause any trouble just by reading… But what if she’s reading a book on anarchism? Isn’t that what foals these days are into? What if it’s some kind of communist agenda book? Her brother would hate you forever!’“Heeeeeeeyyyy, Coconut Cream!” you say, entering the room. “Whatcha reading there?”“Princess Twilight gave me her friendship journal!” she replies with excitement, despite never taking her eyes off the text. “I’m just learning about the time she couldn’t come up with a lesson she learned about friendship, so she ended up making a friendship problem.”“Oh, I remember that story! Yeah, Twilight was better before she got wings.” This time, Coconut Cream pulls herself away from her book just to give you a weird look before going back to reading silently. The unexpected response along with the sudden silence, however, begins to fill you with self-consciousness, making you believe that if you don’t somehow turn the conversation around, she’ll tell her brother how she hated being babysat by you. “Soooooo… Do you… like reading?”“Yup.” Coconut Cream flips a page, somehow making the situation even more awkward.“Do you have any… favorite books?”“Not really.”Again, she flips a page, but this time, you know she did it just to piss you off! Her smile isn’t fooling you! There’s no way a filly can read that fast! In fact, if she thinks she can just toy with your anxiety like everypony else you went to high school with, you’ll just have to keep on bugging her until she’s tired of subtly making fun of you. That’ll totally make her respect your authority as babysitter of the house!“Do you have any friends at school?”“Yup. Do you?”That bitch!“Well, there’s your brother Bacon Sizzle, for starters. Then there’s Paisley Stripes, and… uh… I-Indigo Plateau…”At this point, Coconut Cream takes her head out of her book with concern in her face, closing the contents as she raises an eyebrow. “Are you feeling OK? I feel like you just made that last name up from somewhere.”“Oh, you don’t know Indigo Plateau? He’s my pal.”The filly’s eyes begin to grow more suspicious. “You know that Indigo is a girl’s name, right?”“OH! Well, uh… he just recently became a boy. It was actually a big event at school. There were fireworks and everything. You shoulda been there.”With her book now closed, Coconut Cream breathes out a long sigh, hopping off of the couch to get a better look at you, despite how far back she needs to lean her neck just to see you. “Anon, I’m starting to worry about you. Are things going OK with you and my brother? I know he can be a little bit of a blockhead sometimes, but I really hope you two don’t end up fighting. You’re kind of the only friend he has ever since he graduated from high school.”“What? Oh, no! No. It’s nothing like that.” You try laughing it off, but as this filly’s expression of concern continues to penetrate your self-image, the fake chuckles coming out of your mouth begin to sound less and less convincing. “I just realized that I spend so much time with him that I never really get a chance to know you, like the real you. Is there anything troubling you these days? Any boy troubles I can help you out with?”With her face contorting in disgust more than ever, she shakes her head and says, “I’m… going to go use the bathroom.” You can’t let her just leave on that note, though! Just think of what kind of ideas her brother would have if he found out you were trying to talk romance to his sister while the two of you were all alone! He would think you’re a total creep with no friends, so to prove that you’re not, you follow her to the bathroom, waiting outside patiently just in case she needs help with anything.“Just let me know if you need some extra toilet paper or… something.” As soon as you try talking to her through the door, though, the sink in the bathroom turns on, draining out any noise that either of you might hear from the other side of the door. “So how are your grades doing?”“Go away, Anon.”She can’t just tell you what to do like that! You’re the head of the household here! You’re the one who tells her to go away…! Well… probably not in this exact circumstance, but she still has no right to boss you around just because her brother isn’t there to set her straight! In fact, as soon as she steps out of that bathroom door, you’re going to tell her straight up that you’re in charge, and if she doesn’t listen to you, you’re going to put her in timeout and take away her phone!The very next moment, the sinks turn off, and as you turn your back, you see Coconut Cream walking out of the restroom with an annoyed look on her face, which you're not about to tolerate. “Did you wash your hooves?”“Seriously, Anon? I'm not a baby.”“Then why am I here to babysit you?”Suddenly, just as Coconut Cream begins walking away, she freezes instantly, turning around slowly to give you an accusatory stare, making you gulp in hopes that you hadn't fucked up. “What do you mean ‘babysit’?”“Uh… When I say babysit, what I'm really trying to say is… uh…” Yup. You screwed the pooch. No matter what you tell her at this point, there's no denying the fact that you had somehow struck a sensitive chord, and when her brother comes home, he's probably gonna be pissed. “You know what? Why don't I get you some icecream?”“I thought you were here to hang out with my brother! You're telling me that he doesn't even trust me enough to be alone in the house by myself, so he asked you of all creatures to babysit me?”“You know, the way you said that was kind of hurtful considering I just offered to buy you icecream…”Despite your bribes to make her feel better, Coconut Cream groans angrily, stomping her way back to the living room without so much as looking at you. You need to turn things around before she gets angry at her brother who will then get angry at you, but so far, it seems like all you've managed to accomplish is making an awkward situation worse. As she gets back onto the sofa and angrily flips through her book again, though, she makes an obvious effort not to look back in your direction, creating an even harsher feeling in the air.You want to say something that'll make things all better while still maintaining your authority as head of the household, but as you take a seat next to her on the couch, you can't think of a single thing that'll change how angry she is. “Listen,” you say, making her glare down at her book harder. “I don't want you to think that your brother doesn't trust you.”“If he trusts me so much then why are you here? I thought he left already.”“Yeah, but I'm just waiting for him to get back. I promise he's not paying me to be here or anything.” At this point, Coconut Cream is at least glancing in your direction, which you take to mean that you're somehow making this situation better, even though you still aren't a hundred percent there yet. “Your parents just made him promise that he wouldn't leave you home alone. Like what if you needed something?”Finally, her glare is beginning to soften, and in the next couple of moments, she's looking back at you with her beautiful honeyglaze eyes… which you definitely aren't attracted to! Then, with a sigh, she says, “I'm sorry I snapped at you, Anon. I'm just so tired of everypony treating me like I can't take care of myself! I have a cutie mark, after all! What do they think is gonna happen? I'm gonna burn the house down and die?”“...To be fair, your cutie mark does involve using the oven.”Just as Coconut is about to go back to reading her book, she turns right back towards you, pointing her hoof in your face. “You see what I mean?!”“You're right. You're right. You wouldn't have a cutie mark in something you couldn't be responsible with. Maybe we should just change the subject altogether.”Suddenly, you see a small smile stretch up her cheek, making you breathe a small sigh of relief knowing that even if you screwed up before, hopefully this means it won't matter anymore. “Soooo what was that you were saying about icecream?”Crap. Time to spend money. At the same time, though, her smile is so adorable that you don't mind spending a couple bits, like keeping her smiling suddenly matters more to you than anything else in the world. Either that or you realize just how much you're also in the mood for a snack after Bacon Sizzle ate all those chips in front of you. Probably the latter. Coconut Cream's beautiful smile sooo does not matter to you.“That'll be twelve bits, please.”Twelve bits for some stupid sundae that the two of you are just going to share anyway?! What kind of Marxist establishment are the Cakes running in this town to where they can justify taking advantage of their monopoly on all icecream establishments in Ponyville?! In fact, you're about to send it back and tell them never mind right about the same time as you see Coconut Cream looking back at you with another smile, waiting patiently for her frozen treat. Then, with a sigh, you pull out the coins from your pocket and place them on the counter, silently vowing to never return to this place ever again… unless Coconut Cream makes you come back.“Thank you for your patronage!”“Yeah, whatever. Coconut! I got us vanilla and chocolate swirl. Don't make fun of me, but I wasn't excited about any of the other flavors.”The minute you place the bowl of icecream on the table, however, her eyes glow at the dessert in front of her, a response you would never expect when the Cakes had literally twenty-nine flavors to choose from. “How did you know that those two were my favorite flavors?” she asks, making you shrug in legitimate confusion.“I guess after hanging out with your brother as long as I have, it just sorta comes naturally at this point.”Rather than paying attention, however, she is already beginning to dig into her sundae, smiling wider after every bite, and if you don't start taking some initiative, she may very well finish it off before you get the chance to have any. At the same time, though, part of you wants to let her enjoy it as much as she would like, partly because you want her to like you and partly because you secretly want to keep seeing that cute face she’s making. It’s like with every bite she takes, she ends up smearing chocolate and vanilla all over her mouth, making it look like a clown did her makeup for her, but her enthusiasm is too intense to slow her down in the slightest.Finally, though, just as she’s about to put another spoonful of icecream into her mouth, she stops midway with her mouth wide open and looks in your direction, making you quickly look away, hoping she didn’t notice you staring. “Are you gonna eat too, Anon?”Well, that’s what you had anticipated when you spent the twelve bits to buy the dang thing in the first place, but how can you take sweets away from an even sweeter little girl? Then, however, you realize that icecream equals cavities and cavities equal her brother getting pissed at you. Plus you spent twelve freaking bits just to buy this thing!!“Y-yeah!” you say, picking up a spoon and beginning to eat yourself while trying to hold down the brain freeze that’s already starting to burn on the inside. “OK, actually I can see why the Cakes charge twelve bits for these things now. This is actually delicious.”“Anon… Are you OK?”“Yeah, the brain freeze went away. Why?”As soon as you look back up from your dessert, however, you see that her adorable smile has been replaced with an expression of concern, making you wonder whether eating was a good idea after all. “It’s just… you’ve been looking at me weird. Is there something on my face or something?”A shitload of melted icecream, yes.“S-sorry, Coconut Cream. I guess I’ve got a lot on my mind recently.”Just as the filly puts another spoonful of vanilla in her mouth, she tilts her head and asks, “Really? Like what?”Stop with the freaking cross-examination! “Like how you shouldn’t talk with your mouth full.”Coconut Cream rolls her eyes, gulping down the icecream with a satisfying sigh, opening her mouth to reveal that all the white liquids in her throat had gone down to her stomach. Just as soon as you realize you’re staring again, though, you physically flinch backwards, trying to play it off like you weren’t just lewding Bacon Sizzle’s sister in your mind. Unfortunately, though, you can see from her new expression as she puffs her cheeks in a pout that you really need to work on hiding your mental awareness better.“Come on, Anonnnn!” she desperately pleas, grabbing your arm and pulling almost urgently. “Tell meeee!”“If I told you, I’d have to kill you.”“Hmm…” Now for some reason, Coconut Cream is beginning to ponder your statement, putting her hoof to her chin while her tongue sticks out of her mouth. “Fine. I’d like pink daffodils at my service, and I want it to be on a Saturday so all my friends can come.”Putting your head into your hands as your sudden headache begins to overwhelm your senses, you let out a groan, trying to figure out a way for you to weasel yourself out of this conversation. Unfortunately, though, Coconut Cream seems to be legitimately good at getting what she wants, which you hope isn’t going to lead to an even larger request before Bacon Sizzle comes home.“Alright,” you say, taking your head out of your hands and placing them on the table. “I was thinking about you.”Just as Coconut Cream is about to put another spoonful of icecream into her mouth, however, she stops halfway to give you a raised eyebrow. “Me?”“Yeah. Just because… You know, I hang out with Bacon Sizzle all the time, but I barely get the chance to ever talk to you. I was just wondering why we never do stuff like this more often…”Finally, after a small giggle, she puts the icecream in her mouth and eats it up, smiling the whole time while her cheeks begin to grow a shade of red. “Bacon Sizzle would never let you.”“Sure he would. Why wouldn’t Bacon Sizzle let us do this?”“Because this is a date.”“Shut up. This is a what?”Suddenly, you see an overweight mare begin to look over her shoulder, giving you the dirtiest glare before you shoo her away with your hands, making her shake her head as she turns back around. Coconut Cream, however, seems oblivious to the mare behind her and tilts her head, taking another bite of what is easily becoming her icecream sundae.“Think about it,” she says, even though you don’t want her to. “You brought me to an icecream shop, bought my favorite two flavors, and now the two of us are eating it alone. What else would that be?”You quickly look around the room just to make sure there are no ponies wearing FBI uniforms, but after confirming that you’re safe for the moment, you lean in towards the filly and whisper, “This isn’t a date! This is just me taking my friend’s sister out to get something to eat while he and his parents are away.”“On a Friday night?”Then, looking around the shop again, you find that other than the overweight mare at the table in front of you, all the other ponies are couples, sharing their own desserts just like you’re doing with Coconut Cream. You then turn back to the filly to somehow deny her claims yet again, but she just puts the last bite of icecream into her mouth, raising her eyebrow as she gives you a smug smile. You can’t tell whether she legitimately wants this to be a date or if she just enjoys making you suffer, but whatever she’s doing, it seems to be working pretty well for her.“This isn’t a date!”“Does that mean you aren’t going to walk me home?”Again, the mare in front of you turns her head to the side to hear your answer, just so she can give you another disapproving gaze. “Will you stop eavesdropping on us, already?! Jeeze! If I seriously catch you looking back at us one more time, I will call Seaworld and get them to take you back to their whale exhibit. Actually, you know what, Coconut? Let’s take you back home.”You’re sad that you didn’t get to experience much of the sundae you bought, which actually turned out to be worth the money, but anything would be worth getting away from this awkward misunderstanding. With Coconut Cream placing her spoon onto the bowl and licking the melted treat off of her lips, she quickly hops off of her chair and stands by your side while nudging your waist. When you look down to see what’s up, though, you see another devilish grin, which no doubt means that she’s probably going to crack another stupid joke about this totally platonic situation.“Soooo are you gonna hold my hoof the rest of the way back?”Then, with your cheeks growing red, you look away from the filly angrily, holding out your hand as you say, “Fine, but only because I can’t trust you to not get hit by wagons or something.”“Thank you, Anon!~”You’re still refusing to look down at her, but you can audibly hear the wink in her voice, and at that point you know that she’s going to dedicate the rest of the night to making you the butt of her jokes. “Bacon Sizzle, please come home early…”“Well, that was fun!” Coconut Cream exclaims, jumping backwards onto the sofa in the living room while you exhaustedly sit by her side. “Thanks again for the date!”Sadly to say, but the entire trip home was basically her teasing you about how romantic your night was. From the moment you first opened the door for her at Sugarcube Corner, she began complimenting you on how chivalrous you are, which was only further solidified when you pulled her out of the way right as soon as some jackhole with a wagon was about to splash her as it raced over a puddle beside you. Plus, to make matters worse, some purple mare got intoxicated and started doing some weird stuff in the middle of the street, and as soon as you put your hands over her eyes, she started to giggle like you were taking her someplace special. Even as you passed by a couple kissing at a coffee shop on the way home, she didn’t need to do anything other than smirk to send you the message that that could be you two right now. Even if you wanted to, though, there’s no way she would kiss you back… which is unimportant since there’s no way you would ever kiss her.“It wasn’t a date, Coconut,” you say, burying your head into your hands as you lean over in exhaustion.“So! What are the two of us gonna do next?”“I don’t know. What do you normally do for fun?”Coconut Creams then sits up and puts a hoof to her chin as she thinks pensively for a moment. “Let’s see… Well, I like to bake.”“We just had icecream. What else?”“Hmm… I like hopscotch.”“Too dark to do that outside, and before you ask, no, there’s no way we’re doing it in the house.”“Dang it.” She seems legitimately disappointed about that last part, but she continues to think regardless. “We could… talk about you?”You raise an eyebrow, but since you haven’t flat-out rejected her yet, she seems to keen up to the idea, as if the plan is already set in stone. It isn’t like there’s anything wrong with talking about yourself. It’s just kinda weird that the first pony who legitimately seems to want to hear about your life is your best friend’s kid sister, and even Bacon Sizzle has never gone out of his way to make you the focal point of a conversation before. Still, though, you feel like she can think of a better idea, but just as you open your mouth to deny her request, she cuts you off with her own decision.“That settles it!” she says happily. “Now, tell auntie Coconut Cream aaaalllll there is to know about you.”“Like what? What do you want to know?”“Liiiike do you have a girlfriend?”Wow. She didn’t waste a second on that one. “You know what? Why don’t we talk about you instead?”“Sure. My name’s Coconut Cream. I like to bake and play hopscotch. My best friend is Toola Roola, even though we get into fights sometimes. I’m doing good in school, and my favorite colors are pink, green and magenta. And no, I don’t have a boyfriend.”Before you can even think of a proper retort, she gives you a smug grin, further communicating that there’s no way for you to get out of whatever awkward questions she’s going to be asking you. “OK. That was quick. Anyway, no, I don’t have a girlfriend. It’s kinda hard to get mares to like me when I’m not even the same species as them.”“A girl in my class has a crush on a dragon.”“...Is that weird? Like, it feels like that should be weird, but I’m still not exactly sure what the societal norms in Equestria are yet.”Coconut Cream giggles femininely, making your heart skip a beat for some reason that you don’t quite understand. “Have you ever kissed a girl before?”“Uhh… uhh… W-what about you? Have you ever kissed a boy before?”“Yup!”OK, you’re pretty sure that this is weird even by Equestrian standards. In your world, if a girl has kissed a boy by the age of eight, she’s usually pregnant by age twelve, but in this world, romantic affection seems almost looked down upon in society. As you contort your face trying to figure out how to interpret the details she’s told you, though, she immediately falls back onto the couch, holding her sides in laughter while you look back in confusion.“I don’t get it,” you say. “Was it a classmate or…?”“It’s so much fun teasing you, Anon. The only boy I’ve ever kissed is my brother.”“...Like in an Alabama kind of way or…?”Finally, her giggles begin to die down as she lifts herself back up to a sitting position, still smiling wide as she looks back at you with her beautiful amber eyes. “I don’t know what that means, but I kissed him on the cheek if that’s what you’re asking.”“Ohhhhh. OK. That… makes me feel better.”“Soooooo? What about you? Have you kissed anypony before?”“Nope. I guess I just haven’t gotten around to doing that yet.”“Did you wanna try with me?” Your face quickly turns back towards Coconut Cream’s as she flutters her eyelashes at you, smiling seductively to the point where you can’t tell if she’s serious or joking. Does she want to actually kiss you just so she can tease you some more, or is she just trying to see if you’ll say yes, in which case she’ll tease you some more? Obviously, the only logical answer in this situation would be to tell her no, which would save you not only from the Equestrian Secret Services, but also from whatever embarrassment that would come afterwards. “Don’t worry, I won’t tell my brother.”You then scratch your head awkwardly. “Is that really a question you should be asking me?”“Sure. I think you’re cute.”At this point, you feel like punching your dick until your hormones stop betraying you. There’s no way you can take her up on her offer no matter how many nice things she says to you, but at the same time, you’ve legitimately never had anyone ever call you cute before. She did say she wouldn’t mention it to her brother, and it isn’t like anypony is around to find out about it… But none of that should matter! She’s a filly! She’s your best friend’s sister, and oh, yeah, in case you’ve forgotten already, he already said that he would cut your dick off and never let you see her again if you tried anything with her. Or… at least he said that’s what he would do if you had sex with her, and even then, that’s only if he found out…You gulp audibly, looking down at the filly with a face that manifests your conflicting emotions while she waits patiently for your answer, smiling femininely as your breathing picks up. “Hold on,” you say, holding up your hand as a barrier. “Let’s just say we did theoretically k-kiss. Would you stop teasing me after that?”At least this way, you can find out if she was asking just to make fun of you, and if she isn’t joking, there’s no way she can make a promise like tha--“I promise.”Oh, crap! Ohhhhh crap, crap, crap, crap! That is not the answer you were expecting! Now that you’ve basically already committed, though, how are you supposed to get out of it now?! How are you going to tell her that no matter how cute she is, there is no way you’ll be able to kiss those perfect lips of hers? How are you going to tell her that even though she has the prettiest face out of all the girls in Ponyville, you won’t be able to run your fingers through her mane as the two of you embrace each other’s mouths? How are you going to let her know that even though your face is coming in closer to hers and your eyes are beginning to close, the two of you won’t be able to share that magic moment when the two of you lock lips for the first time, forgetting that the rest of the world even exists?As you begin to work out the details in your head, however, your body takes action for you, bringing your mouths together as the two of you breathe in heavily through your noses. Your heart is starting to beat through your chest, completely forgetting about all the consequences of your actions as you let her small lips explore yours, breaking apart momentarily just to come back together. She seems so timid in her lack of experience, yet still so forward as she attacks your mouth with confidence, leaving cute, hard pecks against your lips while you attempt to ease her into your own sensual method. As she leans in forward to kiss you, she leans her whole body weight against yours, pressing your whole head back as you laugh on the inside, holding her around the waist as the two of you finally break to open your eyes once again.The teasing eyes that she had before are gone, leaving a timid filly with a small amount of self-consciousness combined with youthful adventurousness as she bites her lower lip, waiting for your reaction. Just as you begin to move your mouth to talk again, however, you start laughing nervously, still able to feel the sensation of her lips pressed against yours even after you’ve stopped. Upon hearing you laugh, however, she begins to smile, giving you the most beautiful grin that has made your heart stop all night long.“Was I…” she begins. “...Was I OK?”“Hmm… I didn’t really get a good read on it the first time. Do you promise not to tell anypony if we do it again?”With a smile on her face, however, without even needing to give her answer, she leans forward and presses another kiss on your lips, and just like before, the two of you are exploring each other’s mouths. As she allows her lips to travel where you guide her, she gradually begins to learn how to kiss you back, placing slow, methodical kisses against your mouth rather than the rough pecks when she was first getting started. You then run your fingers through her mane, allowing your fingertips to gently brush past her neck, causing her to physically shiver as her kisses grow more violent again. Then, while her hoof runs up your chest, you slowly allow your tongue into her mouth, causing her eyes to shoot wide open, temporarily breaking what was an otherwise unbelievable first kiss.“Sorry,” you say, giving her a minute to catch her breath. “I didn’t go too far, did I?”“No, it’s nothing like that,” she says, blushing brightly and looking away with a smile that she’s obviously trying to hide. “I guess… you just surprised me.”“Oh. Is that bad…?”Finally, shaking her head with a smile she’s not trying to hide, she looks back into your eyes, just to close them again and place another long kiss against your lips. “I like surprises, and you’re a pretty surprising guy, Anon.”Suddenly, your brain starts putting two and two together. “Wait… does that mean…?”“Maybe,” she replies with a small giggle as her smile grows wider than she would probably like to admit. “I think I might… maybe… sorta… like you.”Wait! Is this good or bad?! On the one hand, if her brother or literally anyone else in Ponyville finds out that she has a crush on you, your balls will be chopped off before you’ll ever get to use them again. On the other hand, though, you’ve been trying to hide the fact that you’ve had a small crush on her this whole night, and now that she’s actually admitting it, you actually feel… good! Like for once in your life, your heart can actually feel connected to someone else without being crushed instantly the second you come back to reality. The reality is that the girl you like… actually likes you back, and even though she’s just a filly, that missing part of you that you came into the house with suddenly doesn’t feel so empty anymore.“So…” she continues, causing you to break your train of thought and actually focus on the girl in your arms. “Is it bad that I like you? I mean, I know you’re my brother’s best friend and all.”“What? No! There’s nothing wrong with that!” So long as nopony mentions what the law says. “In fact, I’m actually glad that I’m getting to spend some time alone with you for a change.”Again, her signature smile shows up on her face, melting your heart all over again. “You wanna come see my room?”And now you’re reaching a level of illegal that would make Tirek crap his pants.“Sure,” you say, ignoring your better judgement. After all, you can justify it since her brother would probably want you playing tea parties in there anyway, just to make sure she isn’t using her easy bake oven to burn down the house. At least, that’s the justification in your head, and since she’s already leading you up the stairs, you need to hope that you’re right in your assumption.Once the two of you arrive in her room, it’s basically the typical kind of bedroom you would see from any filly, with light green walls, a pink ceiling and magenta bedsheets, utilizing all of her favorite colors. She has toys scattered in the corner of her room underneath her window covered by translucent, pink curtains, and the whole interior has a small hint of lemon to it, giving you a sense of relaxation that soothes your jittery nerves. Then, as soon as the two of you enter into her bedroom, she closes the door behind you and falls onto her bed, lying back and sighing as you sit down on the bed next to her.“So how do you like it?” she asks, sitting up with plenty of energy.“It’s very… pink.”“Well, duh! I’m a girl!”“Prove it.”Coconut Cream then flinches with a playfully confused look on her face, making you hope that you didn’t come off as too strong, especially since you were really joking the whole time. At least… you hope you were joking.“Aaaaand how am I supposed to do that without… you know?”“Nevermind. I’ll just believe you. That was a terrible joke.”Just as soon as you try to change the subject, however, Coconut apparently sees another way to mess with you, which you can see in her arrogant face as she leans in closer. “Well, how am I supposed to know that you’re really a boy?”“You’re not. I was actually a girl the whole time. I bet you feel sooooo embarrassed right now.”She, however, doesn’t seem to think you’re quite as funny the second time, glaring back at you now with her cheeks puffed out. “What’s the matter? Are you scaaaaaared?”“Yup. Totally scared. You caught me. Hey! Is that a Captain Oats action figure?”“Anon!” Just as you begin getting up from the bed to take her attention somewhere else, though, she blurts out your name, seemingly legitimately angry this time. “Come on. Tell me the truth.”Finally, with a sigh, you sit back down on her bed, placing your arm around her waist as she leans into your side, running her hoof up your chest while the two of you look down at the floor. “The truth is…” you begin, not exactly sure how to tell her the whole truth, seeing as how you’re not exactly sure of the whole truth yourself. “...I guess I really am scared.”“Of what? Me?” Once you look down into her sparkling, golden eyes, however, she has nothing but concern for you in her face, making this whole conversation that much more difficult.“No! No, it’s nothing like that. I’m just scared about what would happen… if somepony found out…”“Found out what, Anon?”“If they found out…” You bite your lip and squeeze your eyes closed, hoping you don’t regret this next sentence for the rest of your life. “...that I like you too.”There’s silence for several seconds, making you immediately worry that somehow liking her back isn’t what she wanted to hear, but once you finally get the courage to look back into her face, you see that her cheeks to her muzzle are all a bright crimson. Actually, the green in her mane along with the redness glowing in her face makes her look like a hearth’s warming tree, which she tries to hide by turning her gaze away and placing her hooves over her muzzle. You can’t help but wonder if her heart is beating as fast as yours right now, but if it is, one of you will probably need to call an ambulance soon.“Is that OK?” you ask, but just as soon as you do, she turns her face back towards yours and plants another hard kiss on your lips before returning her hooves to her lap and staring down at the floor.“I promise I won’t tell anypony.”“You… You do?”“Mhmm! Any secret you have is safe with me!”Crap. Why did she have to say that?! Now all of a sudden, you want to start the conversation back up right where it left off, when you tried to take her mind off of the fact that she was basically trying to get you to do a strip show. The fact of the matter is, you want to do that more than anything else in the world, and the main thing that’s holding you back is the idea that maybe somepony else will find out about it. She just said, though, that any of your secrets are safe with her, which roughly translates to: she won’t tell if you don’t.“Then… do you still want me to prove I’m a boy?”Coconut Cream’s smile suddenly disappears, making you yet again worry that you’ve said the wrong thing, but with her chest rising and falling much more visibly, she looks down to your crotch and back up into your eyes. Then, with another visible breath, she slowly nods her head, making her cheeks grow redder.You have to admit, this situation is making you have second thoughts, but despite what your common sense is telling you, despite how much your brain is telling you what a bad idea this is, you get onto your feet and slowly slide your belt off of your jeans. Coconut Cream continues to watch intently, breathing more quickly as you pull the button off of your pants and slide them down to your legs, revealing only one piece of fabric left hiding your most private possession. Even then, though, the garment doesn’t do a good job of hiding what’s inside, allowing a large crease up the middle to shadow the outline of your genitalia along with a small pink spot subtly peaking out the top. Once you look back at Coconut to get her final permission, she looks into your eyes and gulps before slowly nodding her head one more time, giving you the final permission to pull down your underwear, showing her what a penis looks like for the first time.Her eyes immediately become entranced in your anatomy, dropping her mouth as she looks you down from the tip of the head down to your balls below, making her giggle from the sight. “It looks so weird!” she says with a light-hearted giggle, unknowingly hurting your feelings.“They all look like these!”“Really? Are you sure yours isn’t just more funny-looking than everypony else’s?”Oh, right. Technically yours does look a little bit different than a stallion penis, but she doesn’t need to know that part just yet in her life. Besides, she’s glossing over the part that you’ve been secretly excited for.“I promise my penis looks normal.” Coconut Cream immediately places her hoof over her mouth, giggling hysterically at the sensitive word you said so casually. “But… you know… Now that we both know that I’m really a boy…”The filly in front of you then raises an eyebrow with a presumptuous grin, rolling her eyes yet again at your borderline idiotic ways of communicating with her. “You want me to prove that I’m a girl, then?”You gulp, shaking internally. “Yes.”“And you promise not to tell anypony? Not even my brother?”Especially not her brother! “I promise.”“OK…” Finally, the moment you’ve been waiting for. She then turns around and slowly lifts her tail into the air, revealing a small slit between her back thighs as well as a small opening above it, making your dick grow to twice its normal size. Her pussy and butthole are gorgeous already, emanating a portrait of tightness that drive your cock crazy, but the main thing that seals it for you is Coconut Cream’s shy face in the background, blushing brightly while she sticks her backside in the air to show you her most intimate areas. “You’d better not laugh!”“Why would I laugh?” you ask, trying not to accidentally chuckle at the question. “You’re beautiful. All of you is beautiful.”As Coconut lowers her tail and returns to a sitting position, her blush remains strong, avoiding eye contact while she femininely brushes through her mane with her hooves. “You… You mean it?”“Of course, Coconut.”The two of you look into each other’s eyes again, falling into probably your most passionate kiss so far. This time, she’s the one who puts her tongue in your mouth, surrounding your tastebuds with the flavor of her saliva, which still has the discreet taste of vanilla icecream. Then suddenly, you find yourself pressing her down onto her bed, getting on top of her and pushing your tongue harder into her mouth as she finally submits to your will, allowing you to take full range over her lips and tongue. Meanwhile, she wraps her hooves around your waist, gripping you tight and gently pressing her hips forward whenever your tongue reenters her mouth, which makes you suddenly pull yourself off of her and look down. Surely enough, as soon as you look between her legs, you see a small wet spot on her bedsheets from her glistening fillyhood, making you scratch your head in confusion.“Coconut Cream… are you horny?”“I don’t know what that is.”Great. Time to teach her about even more sexual content.“But…” she continues, “...sometimes I start to feel really weird down there. Like… right now I feel a little wet. Is that what horny is?”“Yeah, that’s basically it.”“Does that mean that boys don’t get horny, then?”“We do! It’s just a little different than when it happens to girls.” Coconut Cream then tilts her head, making you droop your shoulders, knowing that you’re going to have to explain every last detail to her. “Like, when it happens to boys, our penises--don’t laugh--get really big and hard. You see, like mine right now is big and hard.”“Does that mean you’re horny too?”You hadn’t even noticed that you were leading yourself right into that question, but with a gulp, you nod your head. “Yeah… I’m horny…”“So, what do we do when that happens?”At this point, you really start to debate with yourself as to whether or not you really want to keep going forward with what you’re doing. On the one hand, if anypony were to find out, you know exactly what would happen to you, but on the other hand, not only did she promise to keep your secret safe, but this was also the one chance you were going to get to do what you wanted with who you wanted to do it with. She’s officially horny. She’s agreeing to everything you’re asking for, not out of fear or a desire to impress you, but because this is legitimately what she wants to do with you deep down. Now are you really going to pass up on this once in a lifetime opportunity just because you’re afraid that somepony is looking through a crystal ball and seeing everything that the two of you are doing?Finally, allowing your arousal to conquer your fears, you look seriously into Coconut Cream’s radiant eyes and say, “I’ll tell you, but you need to promise to let me know if at any time you get uncomfortable, OK?”Coconut Cream, though, gives you the same gentle smile that you seem to have fallen in love with, giggling femininely at the same time. “I could never feel uncomfortable with you, Anon.”“I’m serious, Coconut. I need you to really promise that you’ll feel comfortable enough telling me if you want to stop at any point.”With a final roll of the eyes, however, Coconut Cream gets up on her hind hooves so that she can grab you by the shoulders and place one more kiss on your lips, looking deep into your eyes as soon as it breaks. “I promise I’ll tell you if I want to stop, and I promise I won’t tell anypony about us, OK?”She couldn’t have said it any more perfectly. Finally, upon nodding your head, she goes back to sitting on her bed, looking up at you with eager eyes. “OK, so I’m going to need you to lie down.”“Like this?” she asks, lying on her back and spreading her lower legs just enough for you to perfectly see her vulva.“Perfect! Now, I need you to spread your legs juuuuust a little bit.” Coconut Cream then nods her head, scooching back onto her pillow so she can prop up her head and spread her legs further apart, showing you the faint glimpse of pink between her lower lips. “Good. Now close your eyes. This might hurt a little at first.”The filly then does as she’s told, squeezing her eyelids shut and breathing in deeply, showing signs of nervousness for the first time all night. The sight almost makes you stop right then and there, but this girl has done nothing but trust you since you first walked into her life, and if you decide not to trust her when she tells you that she’ll be open and honest with you, you’ll probably be doing more damage by not going through with it. Finally, you shake your head and fend off any of the inner voices telling you to stop, and as you spread her legs just a tiny bit more, you angle your shaft downwards and slowly allow the head of your dick into her vaginal opening. She flinches at first, taking in a deep breathe through her teeth as her face clenches, but once the initial shock wears off, her face finally begins to soften, allowing your dick to go deeper into her inner walls.It seems like she’s starting to get in the mood even more than before, releasing small, quiet breaths as you navigate your way into her hole, pulling out softly to allow her vaginal tunnels to grind against your cock. Her wetness covers your member almost automatically, coating your skin with a thin lubricant that allows you to slide more easily between her folds, which gradually tighten around your shaft. As you slowly begin to move your hips back and forth, her clenched face begins to soften into relaxed arousal, lifting her hips automatically to allow you to further penetrate her below. Finally, as you place your hands on each side of her face, she begins to open her eyes, looking directly into yours as your pelvis thrusts in and out of her groin while the two of you breathe quietly.“Anon,” she says between breaths. “I don’t think it’s working. I’m just getting hornier.”“Do you like it, though?”With another deep sigh escaping her lips, she nods her head vigorously, focusing her eye contact onto you while the rest of her body goes into autopilot. “It feels so good, Anon.”“Then can I go deeper?”“Yeah, I think I want that. I want you to go as deep as you can.”As soon as she gives you permission, you angle your penis around her insides until you find the path to slide your cock in deeper, making her whole face contort in horny pleasure. There’s no doubt that she wants it now as she lifts her hips up higher to give you a better angle to slide your length in, and as you grab hold of her waist, she rocks her body forward to come harder together with every thrust. The silence in the room from earlier is quickly replaced by the sounds of your splashing crotches mixed with the soft moans coming from both of your mouths, tainting the lemony smell from earlier into a fragrance of lust. Her fillyhood is also beginning to throb tenderly against your cock, massaging your skin to the cadence of her heartbeat, but you’re too busy humping her as fast as you can to notice anything other than how tight she is around your length. As sweat begins to trickle down your skin from the physical workload you’re putting in, her breathing quickens, becoming more audible the faster you go between her thighs.Then, without you even having to reposition yourself, she rolls onto her side, lifting her left leg against your abdomen as you literally fuck her sideways, producing a new overwhelmingly blissful sensation. Heat is now beginning to take effect, and with your body growing hotter thanks to the physical activity you’re doing, you momentarily take your hands off of Coconut Cream’s waist so you can remove your shirt, giving her an eyeful of your bare chest. Suddenly, she can no longer take her eyes off of your torso, spreading her legs wider unconsciously as her mouth opens up in arousal, turning her faint breaths into quiet moans.“Ohhhhhh, Coconut Cream... You’re making me so hard right now.”The filly you’re busy having sex with, however, giggles between her pleasurable sighs at the sight of your stupid face while you jam your cock in deeper. “You seem to really like being horny.”You scoff at her remark, going in even deeper and causing her to moan from the surprising bliss between her legs. “Sounds like you’re enjoying it too.”Just as she finishes her loud breath of arousal, however, she looks directly into your eyes and gives you her signature smirk, the same one that got her everything she’s wanted so far today, causing you to gulp in fear. “I bet I can make you hornier than you can make me.”She probably can!“Oh, yeah? We’ll just see about that.”She grins at the sudden challenge, but right as soon as she looks like she’s going to hump you even harder, you grab her by the waist again, flip her over onto the bed and get onto your knees behind her, having sex with her doggy style. Her moans grow even louder in response as she becomes flushed with a lust that you can feel, biting down on your lip as her insides throb violently around your dick. She then bucks her hips backwards against your crotch just as hard as you plow your hips forward, making your balls tense up in excitement until you grab her again around her waist, gripping your fingers to release the internal pressure. You can’t let her win this easily, especially this early in the game! You can’t deny, though, that she’s legitimately making it more and more difficult to keep yourself from finishing inside her right in that instant.Then, in a moment of desperation, you pull yourself out from between her legs, making her face turn back in protest before another sudden sensation causes her to moan even louder, sticking her hips up higher. Before you ejaculate, the least you can do is allow her to finish during her first time, so before you allow yourself to finish prematurely, you bring your head down to her nethers and slowly run your tongue between her folds. The sensation causes her to squeeze her legs together, tightening even more around your tongue while you firmly grasp her thighs, kissing her lower lips as you move your mouth across her fillyhood. Then, after searching desperately along the perimeter of her southern region, you finally find the keystone to her feminine anatomy, which you immediately put into your mouth, turning her moan into a scream.“OK, you win!” she says breathlessly, digging her face into her pillow while you toy with her below. “You made me hornier! Just please, don’t stop!” To your surprise, however, her next breath becomes another scream, echoing through her room at a volume that you hope the neighbors don’t hear.Even after you’ve won, though, you want to make sure she knows what the point of being horny really is, just so she’ll realize that there’s a sweet, sweet reward at the end of all this work. Then, just as she thinks you’ve hit the highest peak of her young libido, you sneak a finger back into her pussy, causing her to press her face into her pillow even further, just to dampen her high-pitched screams of pleasure as much as she can. Your finger may not be able to travel as deeply as your penis can, but once you add another finger to the mix, you create a thickness that would drive her crazy even if you weren’t licking her clitoris. Her legs are beginning to wobble back and forth to the point where it doesn’t seem like she can keep herself propped up for much longer, especially since she’s been lifting her hips as high as she can while you’ve been attacking her nerve endings from behind..Finally, you shift your mindset to finishing her off, sticking both fingers in as deep as you can, moving them back and forth like a vibrator while your tongue flicks her nub with just as much energy. Her love nectar continues to surge through her insides, dripping out of her vagina just enough for you to happily drink it up as your mouth attends to her most sensitive spot. Even through her pillow, you can hear her coming close to the edge with her voice growing higher in pitch, screaming louder and more femininely after every short breath. The only thing you can do now is be patient, waiting for her hormones to send a rush of dopamine to her brain, although from the tension you’re feeling on your fingers as well as the buildup you can hear in her voice, you only have moments until she climaxes for the first time.“Anon! It feels so good! I think I’m gonna… I’m gonna… AAAAHHHH!!!!”Just as soon as you press a tense spot within her vagina, she begins to squirt arousal into your mouth, her entire lower half shaking as her hooves wobble to keep their balance. Her voice is no longer being contained by her pillow, now screaming loud for anypony walking by to hear, but honestly, the sound of her high-pitched voice is so enthralling that you don’t want to hold her back for a second. As you continue to lap up the love juices leaking out of her orifice, however, you can feel her inner tunnels grip and contract around your fingers, violently pulsing to the rhythm of her heartbeat. Everything about the situation is so enticing that you need to keep yourself from using your spare hand to reach below and finish yourself off before her orgasm subsides. Once she finally does calm down and begin to breathe normally again (or, at least breathe without her voice cracking), you then pull your face out of her nethers to look into her eyes with a smile.“How was it?” you ask as if you don’t already know.Then, putting a hoof over her mouth to hide how much she’s smiling and giggling, she simply says, “I liked it.”“Then… is it OK if I finish too?”Coconut, however, suddenly tilts her head in confusion. “What do you mean?”As you try to wrack your brain for a good way to explain things to her, though, you find that describing an orgasm for boys is a lot different than describing what it is for girls. “I mean, I’m going to put my… ‘thingy’ back inside, and I’m going to keep going until I feel as good as you just felt. Is that OK?”Without wasting a moment, though, she bucks her hips back up and spreads her legs. “Yes, please.”You don’t even waste a second getting back up to your knees so you can put your member back into the warm shelter of her insides, which greet your return with a soothing kiss. Your neck immediately knocks back as you grab her hips, feeling the wave of pleasure come back even stronger than before, threatening to take you over the edge before you even get started. Still, though, even knowing that the whole purpose of entering her is to cum, you still want to enjoy yourself for as long as you can, even if it only means a couple seconds longer. Just like before, her breathing begins to pick up, her voice quietly rising into an, “ah, ah, ahn~” as you return the feeling of pleasure between her legs, but that only brings you closer to orgasm. You’re trying your best to hold it back, but the sound of her voice coupled with the feeling on your cock and the sexy face she’s making would be enough to send you over the edge even before you made it this far. Before you allow your groin to think for you, however, you still need to make sure you communicate everything you need to with Coconut Cream.“Hey, Coconut?”“AHHH! Y-yes, Anon?”“You know how earlier you said that somepony in your class has a crush on a dragon?”“Yeah. MMMmmmmm… Why?”“I was just wondering if you’ve ever heard of a pony and a dragon making a baby together.”Finally, she looks back at you with an eyebrow raised. “Uhh… No? How come?”“Because I’m about to put something inside you. I promise I’m not peeing and that this is something every boy does.”“Y-you mean like how I accidentally squirted in your mouth?”That does it. Just the thought of reimagining her orgasm so powerfully erupting through her body that it had to be expelled out in a wave out her vagina finally pushes you over the edge yourself. With one last thrust to insert yourself as deep as you can go, your dick shoots a hard blast of semen, painting her vagina white while your hips shake just as much as Coconut’s. The filly, though, even in her surprise, seems to enjoy the thrilling warmth in her hole, knocking her head back to sigh passionately as your penis pulses between her folds. The harder you push yourself inside her, the harder she pushes herself back, pulling the two of you closer together physically, just like how you’ve grown so much closer emotionally over the course of the night. Then, with your balls squeezing together for one final pulse, you finish cumming inside her, slowly pulling your dick out and enjoying the final sensation of her insides trying to pull you back in. Once your cock is all the way out, however, a small stream of cum still connects you to her filly lips, which slowly begin to leak out your sperm down her legs.“Oh, boy,” you say, looking down at the both of you. “We might need to wash up.”Then, with another feminine giggle, Coconut Cream sits down onto the bed next to you and nuzzles her head onto your shoulder, placing a soft kiss on your cheek. “Does that mean we get to take a bath together?”“I think your brother would catch us before we finished round two. Speaking of which, what time is--OH SHIT!”As Coconut Cream tilts her head in confusion, however, you fall to the floor, grabbing your shirt and pulling it over your head in a haste. Just as she’s about to ask you what’s going on, though, the sound of hoofsteps begins to reach her ears, making her jump in fear as you quickly pull your pants up to your waist.“Yo, Anon? Coconut Cream? You in here?”Suddenly, the door to Coconut Cream’s room opens up, revealing the two of you in the corner of her room, playing with her toys as if nothing had ever happened. Then, turning your heads to the side to see Bacon Sizzle peaking his head through the door, you both smile as wide as you possibly can, trying to pretend like this is what the two of you have been doing this whole time.“Oh, Bacon Sizzle!” you say nervously. “Home so early?”“Early? It’s 11:15 at night. Don’t tell me you were really having that much fun with my kid sister.” The two of you look at each other with tense expressions on your face that you hope he won’t notice, chuckling awkwardly, but before either of you need to make up an excuse, Bacon Sizzle starts sniffing at the air. “Heyyy… Is it just me or does it smell weird in here to you?”“OH!” you say, looking around the room anxiously. “That’s because Coconut Cream and I were just… uh…”“Having a farting contest!” she fills in for you, making you give her a weird look. “And Anon won!”“Wait, why did I have to win?”“Because you’re a boy and you’re smelly.”Just as you’re about to argue with her further, however, Bacon Sizzle starts laughing, somehow believing the heinous (and slightly offensive) story that his sister just gave him. “Come on, Anon,” he says, motioning you to the other side of the door. “Let’s send Coconut Cream to bed while we have our up all night party.”Just as soon as Bacon Sizzle starts walking towards his own room, however, you look back one final time at his little sister, who gives you a seductive wink before closing the door behind you. You certainly hadn’t anticipated the night starting off like this, and it ended in the last possible way you could have imagined. The weirdest part, though, was how things were going to be from now on. As you follow Bacon Sizzle back to his room to finish what’s probably going to be a crappy sleepover, you can’t help but wonder…‘...Do I have a girlfriend now?’Having to wear a suit was bullshit. Sure, Rarity tailored it well, and despite being a little itchy, it was actually pretty comfortable and form-fitting, but the fact you had to put the entire three-piece on in the first place was just plain ridiculous. You grumbled to yourself as you fiddled with the small black bowtie you’d been given to go along with the outfit. After three attempts to tie the damned thing and three failures, you threw it away in a fit of petulance and focussed on donning your waistcoat.Why did you need a bowtie anyways? You weren’t a freaking butler. Not that you were that far off of being one at the moment, but let’s not get into semantics. Or your living condition. Or the fact that Twilight considers ‘almost as useful as Spike’ as a term of endearment. Anyways, Twilight had insisted you wear something smart today, and all you knew was that there was some kind of dignitary coming for a visit. Probably someone snotty and important, someone who was going to look at you in your finery and nod in approval despite likely wearing next to nothing themselves. Honestly, if it wasn’t for how weird and cold it’d be, you’d insist to walk around in the buff all the time just to prove a point to these ponies. But no, you weren’t about to go out for an impromptu protest streaking session, so you instead went back to buttoning up your blazer and putting on your belt. You had to hand it to Rarity, she’d acclimated to human attire and style incredibly quickly once you’d explained it to her. This actually looked like a very stylish suit. Also, apparently, cashmere was humanely shorn in Equestria, so you didn’t feel like a dick for wearing it.Well, apart from how much of a dick you felt for being the only one around wearing a damn suit, but whatever. You weren’t going to complain any more about the suit. You were just going to put it on, get downstairs and—Fuck, it itches!But also feels kinda nice. You couldn’t complain too much. You hardly paid for it. But yeah, teeth brushed, hair combed, beard trimmed, everything on point, or at least as close to it as you could get in the twenty minutes between being woken up and the guest being due to arrive. Truthfully, you sprayed your hair with dry shampoo. No, you weren’t ashamed.At least you smelled alright. Twilight had said something about this before, mentioned that someone would be coming to the castle, staying for a little while, and then fucking off, but you hadn’t paid much attention then. Truthfully, you didn’t care all that much now, but you’d do your best to represent Twilight properly, at the very least. You’d had to meet a few nobles and other important figures since your time staying with Twilight, and with a couple of exceptions, all of them had been imperious, insufferably rude pompous cunts. Time to add another to the list. You dragged yourself downstairs with a light thud of sluggish, rebellious feet hitting floor. Your legs didn’t want to move. They wanted their last two hours of rest. Your brain didn’t want to deal with another day of putting on a dignified air and pretending you gave a shit about whatever it was that mister or miss rich and important had to say about themselves. Twilight said this one wouldn’t be so bad, you remembered that much, but she said that about every one of these meetings.She also said that it was important you be there if she wanted to make a good impression. Twilight said a lot of things, and they were often laced with an assurance that everything would be fine in the end. Didn’t stop her from profusely apologising whenever one of these fuckers left. But she was good to you, and honestly, she was incredibly sweet, so you put up with it. You didn’t have such a bad gig, after all. You cleared your throat as you walked down the corridor, testing your voice. You always had to get that little bit of inner-city gruff out of it before meeting one of these ponies, make sure that your tone was measured, your words sophisticated, and your countenance soft and accommodating. Basically, you had to act like someone you weren’t for hours. Almost reminded you of retail work.You checked your gait too. Made sure you weren’t walking in too relaxed of a manner, which would be unbecoming, but also weren’t making large strides, as that could be intimidating to these thigh high horses. It was too much to remember at first, but you’d gotten used to altering every last bit of yourself for the purpose of shit like this. At least you got to bitch in your head.When you finally entered the castle’s throne room, you found Twilight to be waiting there. You took the seat beside her, giving her a weak wave hello.“I hope you’ve woken up properly by now.” She gave him a warm smile. “I’m sorry that I had to get you up so suddenly, anon, but I honestly have no clue what time our guest is going to arrive. They’re not exactly one for doing things conventionally…”That struck you as odd. “Everyone else we do this with is as ‘conventional’ as they come, Twilight.” You raised an eyebrow. “Hell, I can hardly tell them apart by face most of the time, let alone name.” A beat. “You’ve had to actively remind me that the Mayor of Trottingham and the Marquess of Stalliongrad are different ponies on numerous occasions—”“They’re different colours!”“Oh, pfft. They’re both yellow, don’t lie to me.” Hold on. That wasn’t racist, was it?...some ponies were pink. The one you were talking to currently was purple. Its co-leaders were a white and black female. You were fairly certain it wasn’t racist.“One of them is a stallion!” Twilight persisted, interrupting your ethical dilemma before you could begin to actually care.“Really? Just one of them? Then the Mayor of Stalliongrad is a really effeminate stallion.”“That one’s the mare!” Twilight all but growled.“Then the other one’s a butch lesbian! What do you want from me?!” You were actually beginning to feel real exertion now. And somewhere, just somewhere, you were beginning to feel that regal facade and decorum you were meant to be maintaining slip just a modicum. You sighed, adjusting your tie and counting down from ten in your head. Twilight, meanwhile, looked as if she was attempting to fight off an aneurysm. “You done yet? Any other colourful remarks you want to get out of your system before our guest arrives?”“Always.” Just as you were about to draw from a very long mental list, you heard an extremely loud pounding at the door. You exchanged glances with Twilight, who suddenly looked awfully worried. “...Twilight, did this guest bring a battering ram to introduce themselves with?”A sheepish smile, and Twilight wiped a bead of sweat from her forehead. “Nope, that’ll just be her knocking.”You looked out into the hallway, then, not a moment later, heard once again the sound that made your balls shrivel up into your stomach. “That sound came from a she?”“I was going to talk this over with you before she arrived but… did you actually read the brief on Princess Ember that I left for you a couple of nights ago?”Oh, so that was her name. Remember that. Didn’t even realise there was another princess in Equestria until now, besides the few you already knew of. “Oh, that was for me?” You were a bad liar. Twilight rolled her eyes. “It said ‘For Anon’ on the front.”“Must’ve missed it.”“It was written in big, bold letters and taped to your bedroom door.”“So’s my Equestrian Tax Form, and I still haven’t done that.”Twilight actually stopped short. “I can’t believe you. You realise that this means I’m now going to have to fill in and file all of your earnings and taxes working under me for the last two months if I want these in by the end of tax season?”You narrowed your eyes and looked to her, the two of you stopping dead on the path to the door. “You’re worrying about this now?”Twilight was slowly tapping her hooves against the floor, looking as if she was about to break out in a sprint on the spot. “Sorry. Just a little excited.” She looked to him with a wide smile. “You’re forgiven for not looking it over, just…”“Just?” Suddenly, you had the distinct feeling that you should’ve actually taken the time to read about your guest, just this once.“Just don’t be surprised if she’s a little too much for you.” Twilight actually seemed a little amused now. You weren’t sure you liked that. Her sense of humour was purposely false equations and Spike falling over, from what you’d seen. One last thunderous knock, and you gave a shrug. Couldn’t be that bad, surely. Hell, you’d met Discord a couple of times by now and actually found him to be a pretty reasonable—if nutty—dude. What could some snooty, heavy-hooved asshole be in comparison to the guy that offered you ‘a sip of asbestos’ when you met him?”In polite, sophisticated manner, you took point for Twilight. You strode out in front of her, giving her a small nod of reassurance, and then opened the door, clearing the way for the visitor and whatever entourage they might have had. You stood back, inclining your head just enough to classify a bow, and waited for the sound of hooves walking past.You heard none. For a few moments, there was silence, and then: “Star—err, Twilight, what’s that thing holding the door for me, and why is it dressed like a piano?”You looked down at your white suit and black waistcoat/bowtie combo and suddenly felt very insecure. You’d heard the human comment often enough, but that last one? This was your only nice suit! Yeah, you hated wearing it but, hey, screw her!But of course, you didn’t even look up, not yet. It wasn’t your place to argue, or punch this pony, or really do anything but be the good assistant and keep a smile on your face.Twilight sounded like she was biting back her own testy response. If she, the embodiment of all friendship and good, could control herself, then you’d lead by example. “Ember, this is Anon. He’s a human, a race native to a planet called Earth. He currently lives with and works for me, and is a good friend. Anon, this is—”“Well, how’d he get here?” This Ember, she was rather insistent.“Wow, you’re the first person to ask that in a while,” Twilight answered, bemused. “Usually, we just kind of brush over the whole ‘how he arrived’ and ‘how he acclimated’ portion of Anon’s origin, including any unnecessary backstory, and simply assume he’s a somewhat well-adjusted and friendly individual that is now moderately familiar with life here.” Twilight paused for a second. “Yup, that seems to tick all the boxes.”“Well, that’s stupid. Someone should question how he actually arrived in the first place. I’ve never heard of a ‘human’ before and I wanna know how he got here.”“Really gonna make me do this, huh?” Twilight looked at you for support. You wouldn’t notice, as you were still looking at the floor as you were supposed to. You were also curious as to how you got here. You never really got super filled in in scenarios like this either. Twilight took a deep breath. “Well… in theory, the entire displacement was predicated by a snap in Equus’ mana circuitry, and a shift in the accompanying leylines that distribute—”“Twilight, I was just trying to be polite, but this is really boring. Cut to the chase. Are there going to be more of him?”“...maybe?”“Alright, cool. You can stop now.”Twilight channelled the author. “Thank you.” A beat. “Anyways, Anon, this is Ember.”Finally, you could look up, ordeal over with and little of substance gained, and… it was a dragon.A fucking girl dragon. Like, Jesus, really? She stood on two legs like you, had a rather standoffish posture, like she’d rather be anywhere else, but a smile on her face all the time, like she was genuinely happy to see Twilight. Then, she looked at you, and she just looked… curious. Like, the kind of reluctant curiosity one might have had when admiring a pretty picture despite the fact they’d always said fine art is for poncy twats. You were drawing on your own experience. Also, this dragon had tits. And she didn’t wear much to conceal them. Unlike her hard-scaled shoulders and sides, the flesh of her breasts and underbelly—barely concealed by a tight translucent leotard—looked remarkably soft. Should dragons have had tits? You’d leave that debate for the fantastical herpetologists. You weren’t really complaining about the tits, though. You were kinda staring at them, however. This was the first time you’d seen tits since you got here (apart from that one time Discord made his own, it was awkward), and on a bipedal creature too. You were naturally more than a little excited. It took Twilight clearing her throat for you to realise that the two of you had simply been staring at each other for a good ten seconds now, a palpable tension rising in the room. You decided to break it before you started to pitch a tent or suggest the two of you abscond and form a dragonborn super-race together by putting out your hand to shake. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Princess Ember.”“Yeah, sure.” She walked straight past you, though you could swear she looked back at you for just a moment. “Twilight, do you still have any castle walls you don’t need? The journey worked me up a killer appetite.”Okay, sure, she was hot, but she was also an absolute bitch. Which was… kinda hot too?“No part of this castle is spare, Ember, but I did make sure to free up a large stockpile of gems for your visit. Shall we go to the dining room? I laid out a spread in your honour.”“Thanks, I appreciate it.” God, she was so casual. She took off with Twilight, rather than you leading the procession as usual, and you were about to move yourself to the front to make sure you could do all the usual opening of doors and pulling out of chairs, but you found yourself transfixed by one tight dragon ass, which, like the rest of Ember’s assets, was on full display. She had a long, slender tail with a slightly curved end, short ‘v’ shaped patterns racing up it, and beneath, the kind of behind you might expect to see on a human supermodel. Sure, she was like, a foot and a half shorter than you, but her proportions were like that of a human in almost every way. Curvaceous yet firm, plump in the behind but toned all the while, and very little fat to speak of. Swap out the scales for skin and lose the wings and horns, and she could likely rock any catwalk on Earth. Hell, even with those changes, she’d more than likely make it.Your head lightly shook as you walked behind the pair of them, your eyes drifting back to her behind all the while. The two of them spoke about serious things that you weren’t interested in, but from the sounds of things, Ember wasn’t either. Twilight would be her polite self, and Ember would shrug and offer short, non-committal replies. Yeah, she might not have been all hoity-toity, but she still seemed to think everyone was beneath her, and that irked you all the same. When you were about halfway to the dining room, you felt a sharp tap against your side, and realised all too late it was the slap of Ember’s tail. She’d stopped walking, and it was all you could do to plant your feet against the floor and stop yourself from walking completely into her. You instinctively went to rub at your pained side, wincing a little, and undid the tight knit of your eyebrows before you could let slip that you were giving her evils, because you most definitely were. “I-I’m sorry, is there a problem, princess?”Twilight turned on the pair of you very rapidly, but stayed silent. She looked as if she could be ready to sidestep an impending war any second now, and it was all too late dawning on you that this was a very powerful guest. Probably wouldn’t do you or Twilight well if you’d somehow found a way to piss off a dragon princess. You waited for her next words with a tight chest and rebellious lungs.“Is there something you like down there?” She raised an eyebrow, and with a swift movement of her tail—which brushed away over your hand, you could now confirm it was soft as fuck—and swiveled around in an impressive display of flexibility to point at her own ass. Oh no. Your own doom was being spelt out to you by a big blue fucking arrow. “Your eyes have not left my backside for the last two minutes. I mean, at first, I just figured ponies do that because they’re all so short, but you’re huge, and you’re still looking at it, so what gives? Is it just a pony custom, or whatever, or is there something you like down there?”“Uhh…” You looked to Twilight, who had no fucking answers for you. In fact, she looked busy trying to comprehend the idea that you’d even been doing that. Hell, you thought you’d been super clandestine. “Uhm, I…” Seriously, what did you say here?! ‘Yes, I’m a pervert, arrest me.’ ‘No, you’re wrong, how dare you insinuate such a thing?’ You didn’t see either of those options defusing the situation, and were getting ready to simply find a window to jump out of when Ember let out a snicker.“Uhh, erm…” she mimicked you with a roll of her eyes, before batting you again with her tail, lightly this time, and turning back around. “Idiot. For such a big boy, you really don’t have a backbone, do you?”You actually grit your teeth at that. She might not have seen it, but Twilight did, as she did pretty much implore you with her eyes not to snap and bite Ember’s head off in turn. After all, yeah, that’d probably have ramifications, and you were staring. Just a little though. Semi-justifiably. Surely. When was the last time you saw an ass like that?Still, she was certainly trying to wind you up. But you weren’t going to bite. You knew better than to do that, and that was mainly because you didn’t know just what could happen if you were to turn around and say what was on your mind. You imagined it wouldn’t be pleasant.The rest of the walk to the dining room was rather quiet, though you did your best to keep your eyes off of Ember (who apparently had a pair in the back of her head) as you walked, not wanting to repeat the same mistake from earlier. As it turned out, the more effort you put into not checking her out, the more difficult it became to refrain. Who would’ve thought?You arrived at the dining room, mare and dragoness in tow, and Twilight had really put out a spread. It was all gems and daisy sandwiches, of course, as Twilight couldn’t cook for shit, bless her, but you supposed the food wasn’t exactly for you. Part of you wondered what it would be like to chow down on a big chunk of crystal. The rest of you valued your teeth too much.Come to think of it, the crystal addicts of your world didn’t value their teeth much either.Ember was rather non-committal as she sat down, no grace, no waiting on ceremony, and when you attempted to hold a seat out for her, she scoffed at you. “I can do it myself,” she grunted, eyeing you like some kind of annoyance before planting herself in the seat and lurching forwards, causing an ear-slicing scraaape across the marble floor. Twilight gave you a little shrug, eyes pleading, and you ignored the urge to cuss her out for your friend-slash-employer’s sake. You did hold out Twilight’s seat for her and tuck her in though. It felt nice doing nice things for ponies that actually appreciated it. You remained standing to the side of Twilight, who was at the head of the table, if only because you were scared your weight might make tinder of a pony chair. Your eyes fell on the pair of them—Twilight daintily picking at her sandwich in lieu of pleasantries—and then darting to Ember.She took a small taste of one of the red gems on her platter—you imagined it to be a ruby. It was only when she’d placed the shard in her mouth, gently suckled on the end of it, as if appraising it, then given the end a small bite that you finally saw something change in her eyes.You were caught between two conflicting notions that fought for control of your brain. On the one hand, here was this hot dragon bitch who liked to spend her time sucking on gems, and you couldn’t help but appreciate the way her lips and forked tongue moved as she licked and lapped at the edge of it in a way that you could only describe as intentionally inappropriate.Then a smirk, and you watched her chomp down on the edge of it. You could almost swear she glanced at you the moment she did it. You winced involuntarily. Was she still pissed about the whole ass staring thing?Or was this how dragons flirted?But that wasn’t the most interesting part. One bite of a gem led to another, and all the while, you could see a spark beginning to rise in this creature that until now had seemed entirely disinterested and annoyed by everything around her, save Twilight. She seemed to restrain it, if only for a moment, but eventually, it was too much, and a long ‘mmph’ carried from the base of her throat, the sound carrying a pleasant, warm and husky tone. Yes, it made the hairs on your arms prick. Luckily, your prick didn’t prick. A strange contrast ensued. While Twilight sat there in abject discomfort, attempting not to cringe at the display that came forth, Ember lost herself to her meal, the spike of her id overpowering everything else, impulses unleashed. She ate in a fervour, choking down one precious gem after another, sometimes multiple at once, and all the while, between bites, her ravenous smile only grew.You couldn’t decide whether it was cute or perturbing. You were pretty sure the only reason you weren’t fearing you’d be her next meal is because you still had a couple of feet on her. ...that said, she had a pretty fucking hard bite to her, and could most likely breathe fire. You weren’t sure if you fancied your chances. But something about that? You liked something about that, and even if you’d seen little in redeeming qualities from this girl in the minutes you’d known her—in fact, you’d only seen negatives—something in you appreciated watching her enjoy herself, especially after her presenting such an abrasive front earlier. When she had finally finished eating, she still bore a smile, but it seemed relaxed. Placated. Almost a little vulnerable. You were sure you liked that.Twilight looked relieved, too. “You liked your meal, I take it?”A Cheshire grin. “Oh yeah, it was fucking spectacular. You really spoiled me, Twilight, thanks a lot.” Okay, that was different. Like, really different. Words like that were the ones you spent most of your time thinking in your head and not so much saying out loud, because ponies don’t swear much. The slight momentary discomfort on Twilight’s face gave away that she’d hardly expected it, and even you, curse word extraordinaire, had your mouth agape. Wasn’t this meant to be a diplomatic meeting between two dignified leaders?Then Ember let out a belch. Like, a legitimate ‘urrrp’ as she rubbed at her small, soft belly. You thought you might be in love with her. More than anything, the way her tone changed was unreal. Had she just been hangry all along? “I’m… I’m really glad you enjoyed it!” Twilight was being genuine. You could see the mixture of relief and happiness that she’d managed to do something well for a friend flooding her face, and while it was cute and all, for once, you thought you might have found something that interested you more. Namely, the tough as nails dragon girl that still knew how to smile and say ‘thank you’. You never would’ve guessed her capable of either until now. “Hey, ebony and ivory,” Ember pointed at you, motioned you over with an incline of her claw. And hell, you were just about to hazard a genuine smile. You actually thought she might be okay. She had to ruin it, didn’t she? You forced a grin nonetheless. “What is it, your highness?”“Oh, quit all of that. It’s insufferable. I’m only a princess when I wanna be.” She tilted her head. “Why aren’t you eating? You’re just… stood there, like a piece of furniture.” She snorted, a small giggle sounding. “Like a piano, come to think of it.” She wasn’t going to let that up anytime soon, was she? “It’s not my place to sit and eat with the two of you,” you said, trying to remember your practiced air of class. “I’m only the help. I can take your dishes if you’re done with them, however?”“That’s stupid,” Ember said matter-of-factly. “You’re a big boy, you should have something to eat too. Why don’t you try something from the table?”You looked to Twilight to save you. “Erm, Ember? Anon can’t really eat gems, just like a pony couldn’t, and he can’t eat plants like daisies, either. They just don’t have the right kind of stomach for digesting it.”Ember raised an eyebrow. “Okay, so what do you eat, and why isn’t it here with the rest of the food?”Twilight raised a hoof, lip bitten. “Well, typically, he—”“I think he can speak for himself, Twilight. I asked him.” Her large, crystalline eyes focussed on you intently. “Tell me about yourself, human. I’m kinda curious, but only a little.”Twilight looked taken aback, and you were equally shocked. The idea that a visitor would even have any real interest in talking to him specifically, rather than just speaking about him, regarding him as some kind of ornamental oddity, was absurd in both of their books. You cleared your throat, emotions bouncing back to ‘pretty content with this’. “Well, I mostly eat meat, fish, and greens, maybe a little dairy here and there, but—”“Ponies are alright with meat eaters, then?” Ember’s eyes were a little wider than usual, as if the discovery was a big deal. “I always assumed that they didn’t like the whole killing and eating thing, considering they don’t do it themselves.”Twilight looked slightly pale all of a sudden, and for once, you were happy to answer for her. “They’ve gotten used to being around races like griffons, who are entirely carnivorous. That’s where I get my meat from, actually, griffon traders that come by. Yeah, it’s not something that’s exactly popular in Equestrian culture, but it’s hardly illegal either. A lot of ponies don’t like it, is all.”“I was always a little scared by the dragons that ate cattle and wild animals when I was younger…” the moment that escaped Ember’s mouth, she clamped a hand over it, cheeks redenning. “I-I mean, yeah, until I tasted my first—umm—morsel.”She didn’t look entirely convinced that was the right word. You were nowhere near convinced that she’d ever tasted meat a day in her life. Also, she looked incredibly adorable whilst blushing. You shouldn’t have, you knew you shouldn’t have, but you decided to have a little fun with this. “So, what was that like? Your first kill, I mean.”Somewhere in the background of both your peripherals and your thoughts, Twilight looked quite faint. You were seriously going to have to apologise to her for this later.That said, Ember didn’t look much better. Rather than going through the intense discolouration that Twilight was, she was growing increasingly cherry red. Her tail flicked and she stuttered in a false start. “I… it was—” She looked like a beetroot. You fought the urge to laugh. You heard a growl emanating from the base of her throat. You had to imagine that she would like her first to be you at this point. “It was a glorious hunt.” She nodded to herself, as if to affirm credibility. “Three days and nights in pursuit, and then I cornered the beast.”You leaned in, not even having to feign interest. This was gold. “What was it that you were hunting? Who were you with? I’m curious as to the specifics, princess.”“It was a…” Ember seemed to mentally flick through the list of both mythological and barnyard animals then, as she was really stalling her reply. She was clearly uncomfortable, and you were starting to wonder whether you were pushing things a little too far here.After all, how could you complain about insufferable dignitaries when you too were being a dick?“A salamander!” Ember buzzed, her eyes lighting up with confidence. “It was a salamander.” All too quickly, she forgot she was meant to be nonchalant one, and began to pick her teeth with a gemstone, playing it as cool as she could. “Pretty gamey, to be honest.”Twilight couldn’t help but pipe up. “Aren’t salamanders incredibly rare, with almost impenetrable hides?”The previous self-assurance was a ghost on Ember’s face now. “I…”Ah, fuck it. You’ve amused yourself enough. “Twilight, we probably shouldn’t question the princess too much. I’ve already been asking a ton of questions here.”Twilight instantly looked as if she’d trodden on a splinter. She recoiled with a gasp. “O-oh, sorry. My mistake, anon is right. It’s very impressive that you were able to hunt a salamander, Ember.” You could tell the word ‘hunt’ was anathema to Twilight, and you could just as well tell that everyone apart from you was made uncomfortable by this conversation. Still, the fact that you’d managed to get away with prodding Ember like that? Enjoy having the tables turned, bitch!You looked to her, still internally gloating, but… the satisfaction wasn’t there. The happy but imputent dragon from earlier only seemed awkward and embarrassed now, attempting to move the conversation to a place where she couldn’t be cross-analysed. She looked at you with some mixture of annoyance and wonder, and her eyes seemed to linger for longer than they should’ve.Maybe she really was planning to murder you. Hopefully not.Pleasantries were reestablished, and this time, Ember didn’t make such an active attempt to fight them. She might’ve been worried that you’d try to trip her up again. She seemed to be cautious in her conversation, which seemed uncharacteristic for someone who up until now had really said and done whatever the hell she wanted.And so you decided to back off a bit. Seeing her like this wasn’t fun for you at all. Teasing didn’t make you feel nearly as good about yourself as you’d hoped it might’ve, and the more you watched this dragoness speak and listen, the more you wanted to be a part of the conversation again. She’d taken an interest in you. She’d approached you in an unconventional manner, and treated you with… psuedo-respect? More than the nobles had given you, certainly.And now she just seemed vacant, like she was only half in the room. Everything spiralled back into motion when Twilight jolted up with a start. “Oh! Oh, oh gosh.” She looked between the two of you, shaking her head to herself all the while. “Oh no… I’ve just remembered that I’m meant to be peer marking student assessments for the school today!”Anon.You looked to Twilight as you heard her voice, but she was still rambling on about all of the things she supposedly needed to do at the school to Ember. Teacher training and safety inspection both made the list, which was odd as you could’ve sworn Twilight hadn’t mentioned either lately.Anon. Listen to me.“What is it?”The two of them stopped and looked at you as if to say ‘what are you talking about’ before going back to their conversation. “Can’t these things wait a few hours?” Ember asked, eyebrow raised. “I did come a long way to meet you here today.”I don’t really have to go and do all of this organisational stuff.You… just really want to? A beat. Twilight, are you in my head?Yes. It’s the only way I could talk to you without Ember hearing.Okay.You paused. Don’t look at the porn.I’ll pretend I didn’t.Twilight was still rambling on to Ember as the two of you were having this telepathic conversation. She could multitask like a motherfucker. You could barely take a shit and ruminate on your life at the same time. So… why are you going to the school? You know, apart from the fact that you clearly want to.Even through her flurry of bullshit to Ember, you saw a blush develop on Twilight’s case, and knew it was from your comment. I don’t! I mean… maybe a little, but that’s not the point. I just want you to… spend a little time with Ember. Do me a favour and give her a chance.You had to prevent yourself from tilting your head. It was difficult to not respond when something this weird was happening. It didn’t feel like a thought with Twilight’s voice, either. It was kinda like a strong bassy thing that bounced around your noggin. Why do you want me to stay with her? She clearly doesn’t like me.You heard Twilight giggle-snort in your head. She also seemed to do it in reality, which threw Ember for a spin. Just trust me, Anon. I know friendship. And the way that Ember looks at you? That’s friendship.You stole a glance at Ember. She eyed you up like a particularly juicy steak....right.Honestly, Anon. I know she comes across as hostile, but do you remember what you were like when we first met?You thought back. There was a lot of swearing and shouting and denial about the whole magical horse thing. You thought you’d been slipped PCP or something. Point taken. I really don’t think we’re going to get along, though.If I’m wrong, I’ll clean your room for a week.You put a finger to your chin. If you’re wrong, you have to eat with chopsticks for an entire day.Deal?A devious smirk. Without magic....deal. Don’t start a war while I’m gone. I’m trusting you.“—luckily, Anon is happy to show you around the castle while I’m gone, aren’t you Anon?”You blinked, trying not to seem like someone who had just been conspiring. “Err… yeah!” Manners. “Yes, of course I am. It would be my pleasure to.”“I’ve seen most of this castle before…” Ember stopped in her tracks for a moment. She looked at you, stole another glance at Twilight, and then nodded. “It’s fine. If you have things to do, I’m not going to make you stick around all day for my sake. I’m sure the human can find a way to keep me occupied.”“Wonderful!” Twilight beamed at the pair of you, nodding ecstatically as she began to back out of the room. “Now, I really need to get going, have fun you guys, bye!”And like that, she was gone, and it was just you and the angry dragon.Ember's eyes bored into you. “So, we’re going for a tour, it seems?”You could almost taste the disdain in her voice. “You really want to do that?”Her countenance broke. “No!” A huff. “I could tell Twilight was lying through her teeth. Did I scare her off? Was it the whole hunting thing? Because I wasn’t even telling the—the… the most grisly parts.”Poor thing. She’d seemed like such a strong and confident princess, and it almost felt like you’d managed to reduce her to less than that with your comments. Granted, she hadn’t been an angel herself, but did you really need to goad her so much? She hardly seemed the most secure.You hazarded a smile. “You know, us humans aren’t exactly hunters ourselves. We’re meat eaters, but we farm animals. Raise docile livestock for slaughter, no danger or real sadism involved. I hope I didn’t give you the wrong impression.”Ember simply chewed on a finger for a moment, taking in your words. “The way you pushed me for answers earlier, I got the impression you were an experienced killer.”“I was just curious, is all.” Bullshit on your part, you just wanted to catch her in a lie. That last line tickled your ego, though. “A killer, huh?”“Why else would Twilight hire you to be her bodyguard?”You couldn’t help laughing. Ember simply stared at you as you chuckled to yourself. “I don’t think I’m as tough as you’re imagining, princess. Size can be pretty deceiving.”Ember nodded. Nodded and smiled. “I’ll say. Twilight’s only a small pony, but she’s very tough. She constantly impresses me…” A sigh. “I should’ve been more polite with her, shouldn’t I?”Now, that was the truth, but it was hardly why Twilight left, either. You couldn’t exactly tell her that, but you didn’t want her beating herself up, either. There was something likeable between this dragon’s exterior. Something softer. “I think Twilight likes you, Ember. Values you as a friend. I’ve known her for a while, and I don’t think she’s the type of pony to make excuses just to get out of spending time with someone. Besides, she seemed like she was enjoying her time with you.”Ember blinked, lips parted. “You… you really think she was?”“I’m sure she was.” You nodded. “Twilight’s never been good at faking a smile, I’d know it if she tried.”“Is it bad that I can’t tell the difference?” came the socially awkward squeak of the little princess. “N-not that I care either way.”Of course you don’t. “I take it dragons do things a little bit differently than ponies?” A nod. “Don’t worry, it took me a while to get used to how things are around here too. I’ve only lived in Equestria for a couple of months, after all. It’s nothing like home.”Ember leaned into you as you spoke, watched the motion of your lips. “How about getting used to a creature like me? I know I’m pretty different to the average pony.”“I think I could get used to you, definitely.” A grin. “I’m glad to hear that.” She bit her lip. “I-I mean, just because it’ll help me with getting closer to Twilight, and—”You cut her off. Probably not the best idea, but screw it, this is what Twilight gets for leaving you to your own devices. “Why do you do that?”Ember knitted her eyebrows. “Do what?”“That.” You pointed at her. “You act as if you don’t care about anything or anyone, but you clearly do. You don’t have to pretend that you’re not interested in other people, or ponies… it’s just silly, really.”You witnessed an oddly effeminate snarl. “What did you just call me?”Was your suit flame retardant? You’d find out soon. “I didn’t call you silly, I said you were acting it. But if you must know, yeah, I didn’t exactly get the best impression of you when you walked in being all rude to me.”She lost the aggression in her tone. She looked sheepish, wide-eyed and stuck on what to say next. “It’s… difficult for me to act like ponies do. They’re all holding hooves and being happy and nice to each other, and dragons? Well, we argue. We fight. We give orders, and punish those that choose not to listen. It’s a different world.”She really was a strange one. “And you don’t like that world?”“Of course I like that world! It’s the one that I’m lord and princess of, and the responsibility to take care of it falls on me! I haven’t got time to be playing nice with everyone!”“And yet you want to act more like Twilight, clearly. That’s why you’re sad that you might have scared her away. You don’t have to pretend with me, Ember. Or anyone, really. You can just be yourself.”She spent a few moments in silence. Maybe she was contemplating what you said. Maybe she was fighting back the urge to smack you. When she eventually spoke, it was in a hesitant whisper. “You’re sure I wouldn’t look weak if I said what I was really thinking all the time? Even when I’m happy or excited, not just angry or annoyed?”Whelp, time to channel all of your sagacious energy. “There’s a time and a place to be tough.” You placed a hand on her shoulder. It was forward, but she looked like she needed it. “Around your friends isn’t one of them, I promise. You can relax around us, and we’ll take care of you.”Jeez, maybe Twilight was rubbing off on you after all. Ember recoiled from the touch as if it burnt, skittish and tensed in a moment, looking ready to fight. She soon slowed down when she realised that it was simply a soft, comforting gesture. She seemed to even relax into it a little. “You aren’t my friend, though. You’re just Twilight’s friend, and you thought I was mean to you. Why are you being nice to me?”It really confused her, didn’t it? “Hey, just because we aren’t friends now doesn’t mean we never could be. Sure, you’re a bit of a bitch, but I don’t think that’s anywhere near the real you. Just gotta keep digging to get the real Ember to come out, yeah?”Okay, you still weren’t a friendship princess just yet, but the sentiment was there.“Funny how you grow a backbone the moment that Twilight leaves,” Ember commented, though she still made no move to break the contact between you. “You’re right, I’m not the nicest, and I’m not going to pretend I am either. I’m not even offended, really.”She then chose to punch you on the arm. It hurt. “Is this what ‘not offended’ feels like?”A wry smirk. “Didn’t mean I was just gonna let you call me a bitch, did it?” She prodded a finger into your chest. “You just going to stand there and take that?”You rubbed your sore arm, but the pain barely registered beyond the playful glint in Ember’s eyes. “Eh?”“I hit you,” she said matter-of-factly. “It felt pretty good, to be honest.” She twisted her body, reangling herself and cracking her back as she did so. A few soft clicks sounded—she ran her tongue across her teeth. “Hit me back. Let’s see what you’re made of.”“You’re mad.” Okay, probably shouldn’t have let that one slip, but fuck, you didn’t know what else to say. “I’m not going to hit you! You’re… you’re—”“I’m what?” She gave you an overly confident smirk, and then a wink. You’d obviously pressed some kind of button, and this was quickly leading to kinky, perhaps abusive territory. You were understandably perturbed. “You think you’re too strong for little me? That you’ll hurt me? Have you forgotten that I am a dragon?” She made a short hissing sound, a small measure of her scorn for the notion. “Strike me, human. Show me what your species can do.”“Y-you’re sure?” You glanced down at your hands, half-balled into fists. Could you really refuse her? She might have been smaller than you, and sure, you were worried about hurting her, but if you said no, things might turn out even worse. If anything, Ember seemed to be buzzing with anticipation, stretching and moving and repositioning herself as she prepared for the incoming blow. “What if I hurt you?”“Then I’ll be awfully impressed,” Ember snickered. She rolled her neck between her shoulders, squaring up, her chest only a couple of inches off of yours. You could feel the heat radiating off of her. It was like standing next to a hearth on a cold winter’s night, what with the chill that ran through you as you considered what might happen next. “But honestly, I don’t think that’s going to be an issue.”Know what? Fuck it. Let’s do this. Pulling back, channeling a measure of your strength, you struck out, catching Ember in the hard scales of her upper arm. She laughed at you. Your arm went limp, and you resisted the urge to check your knuckles for cuts. “Satisfied?”“Pahahaha, what was that?!” She looked at her arm, looked at it twice, searching for anything to give away that you’d even struck her. “You’re twice my size! I expected to at least feel you, but that’s it?!” She gave you a poke on the nose, instantly making you feel exactly half her size. “Honestly, I can’t put into words how disappointed I am. That was like being swatted by a—”You struck her again, harder. You’d had enough. Who was she to sit there and make fun of you like that?! Enough, enough, enough, she could fucking chew on that and screw herself while she was at it.A slight wince, but she retained her smile. “Okay… maybe you’re not completely infantile, but come on! I expected you to at least make me cry out, not just stand there all limp-wristed in your stupid piano suit and embarrass yourself!” She dropped her arms, untensed them. Blew you a kiss. She was the most condescending, rude thing you’d met in Equestria, you were certain of it. “One more shot. I won’t even look. Have fun trying.”True to her word, she closed her eyes, and you had an idea. It was a dirty tactic, and you never would’ve usually done it—hell, you never would’ve looked for any way to hurt a female—but these were desperate circumstances, as there was no way she was living it down if you failed again. You moved around to the side of her in order to get a better angle, then swang a heavy hook right for the inside of her bicep, the softest part of her arm you could find.Even then, the scales were fucking hard, but there was some actual give! Not only that, you heard a short, feminine ‘ahh!’ from Ember as your punch struck true, and before you knew it, she was hopping back in place, pushing her tail into the floor in order to regain her balance. She shot you the dirtiest look you could imagine. “I-it’s not like that even hurt! You’re lucky I don’t knock you over for that!”Your grin almost split your face. “Really? It didn’t bother you? Suppose you won’t mind if I try again, then?”Suddenly, Ember’s eyes were wide. “N-no! This is a stupid game, and we could be doing much better things. Why did you even suggest we do this?!” “Erm, actually, you were the one who—”“Whatever!” She was rubbing at her arm, attempting to soothe the pain, and the moment you caught her, she flicked her hand away and tried to style it out. “You think you’re so dominant because you landed a lucky hit on me? I could conquer you in a second! Silly human.”“Sure you could.” You’d had enough of humouring her at this point. She was so fucking boisterous every time you gave her the chance, and it was beginning to turn from cute to irritating. Time to nip it in the bud. “If you’re so sure, do it.” You planted your feet firmly, getting ready to deflect her. “Come on, put your money where your mouth is. Prove you’re not just hot air.”Hot air was exactly what came next, or rather, Ember breathing fire right over your head, because apparently you’d forgotten she was someone who could do that. You ducked instinctively, crashing into a nearby table as you hit the floor, attempting to save your precious face from being cooked. Your side ached from the collision, but when you looked up, you didn’t find Ember lording it over you, much to your shock.In fact, she appeared more worried than anything. “Oh jeez, I just did that, didn’t I?”“Nearly set me on fire, you mean?” You blinked. “If so… yeah, you just did that.”Instantly, she sank to the floor with you, sitting right over you. “I… I’m so sorry. Honestly, I got so caught up playing that I forgot you weren’t another dragon, and…” she moved to cover her mouth, but shook off the impulse. “I’m teasing you a lot, but honestly, I can’t talk to ponies like I talk to you. This… this is how dragons treat each other, and you play along, and, and…”“And you just nearly burnt me to a crisp?” you offered, feeling something between affection and angst emanating from your companion.“...yeah. That.” What she did next shocked you, but you couldn’t stop it if you wanted to. Partially because dragons have partially strong grips, mainly because you didn’t want to. She wrapped herself around you, tail coiling around your leg, her chest on yours, arms pushed between your sides and claws lightly trailing your back. She pulled you close to her, looking into your eyes, reflecting back a fiery pool alight with emotion. “D-dragons don’t hug. It’s not a thing we do, and… I don’t know if I’m doing this right, but I was so scared that I was about to hurt you, and… I hope this helps.”She wasn’t lying. Beneath the feeling of her soft, firm breasts against your chest, you could feel her heart hammering with anxiety. This wasn’t an outcome she wanted whatsoever. “I’m glad you’re being honest. And… no, I can’t pretend I’m exactly thrilled that you almost turned me into a human raisin, but I appreciate the sentiment.” You hugged back, squeezing her as much as you could manage. It was difficult to tell if she could really feel the impact through her tough scales, but she looked content. Her eyes lidded, her breath shortened, to the point that you could make out each individual exhale, feel the warmth of it against your cheek. “Apology accepted, princess.”Ember’s voice was weak. “There’s a lot more I should apologise for, but…” She gave herself a little nod. “I know you’re not a dragon, but I kinda wish you were. Don’t get me wrong, I l-like you as you are, but I feel like I have to be super careful with you, and—” She chuckled to herself. You shared a laugh. “I’m just being silly.” Her voice cracked. “If… if you tell anyone you saw me like this, or that I hugged you, I’ll… I’ll—”“Beat me up,” you smirked despite yourself. Maybe you wouldn’t get tired of it after all. “Got it.”Ember looked like a chastised puppy. She forced the petulance from her face before it could develop. Hazarded a smile. Allowed herself vulnerability. “N-no. I’ll… I’ll do this.” And then she did that. What was that? She kissed you.Well, it wasn’t really a kiss. It was just about the most demure thing you’d ever felt, including Fluttershy’s voice on your ears. A solitary, lingering peck that channeled only a modicum of the softness in Ember’s soul, an outreach to you. It was an affirmation of her interest, her desire to have something with you, to apologise, to progress in your friendship to somewhere yet untrodden, it was… You had no clue what the fuck it was. It felt really nice, though, when you weren’t busy trying to psychoanalyse her or rationalise it. You kissed back, but only briefly, only long enough to feel the warmth of her lips, the softness of her, the fleeting touch of lightness juxtaposed to such a tough exterior. It didn’t feel like she’d cracked, though, like there was a glint in her armour.Rather… it felt as if she’d finally opened up.Bereft of defenses, she moved back, surveyed your expression, as if she was looking at you for the very first time. “I’ve… never done that before. Don’t tell anyone.”You were equally lost for words. “I’ve never done that before with a dragon?” It was all you could offer that was coherent, but it got a giggle out of her.“I’d hope not. Otherwise I’d need to have words with Spike.” She relaxed into the embrace, squirming her way down to your chest and looking up at you. You almost let out a shiver at the feeling of her light, wondrous body snaking down you. “But seriously, that was nice. I’ve been thinking about doing that since I met you. I don’t meet many creatures like you. And I don’t meet many that are anywhere near my size, especially with dragons, heheh.”“Christ, how do you think I’ve felt?!” Finally, you had a sounding board for this complaint, and everything else left your head, from niggling doubts to rapidly heightening arousal, if only for a moment. “I come to Equestria, and everyone is on four fucking legs, and that’s just not my thing! And then I saw you, I saw you and…” You felt your lips going dry, but you carried on talking regardless. You were in a hole now. “You’re like, almost exactly how I like girls from my world to be.”Ember blinked, sitting up at once, smile about her. “Really? How so?”“Well, your body’s really similar, all the way down to your…” you made a motion towards her chest, not wanting to say it out loud.Ember grasped at her breasts between the thin fabric of her leotard. “These? You know, I’ve never really considered how few creatures have these on their chests…” You still weren’t entirely sure she should have tits, but you were a little distracted to complain. “You… you wanna look at them?”Your throat caught, but apparently the question was rhetorical. Before you could say anything, Ember had pulled the top of the fabric over her head, stripping down and exposing her pert, heavy breasts. You’d honestly forgotten where you were at this point. What did it matter? All that did at this point, all your mind could possibly conceive was the image of this beautiful little dragon woman grabbing at her tits and pushing them up for your inspection, letting them go and watching their heft and bounce as they fell back into place, no sag whatsoever despite what was easily a D-cup in size. The muscle of her stomach and underbelly was lean and impressive, her figure svelte and powerful all the same, with little fat to speak of. She sat there, on her knees, leaned over you, curiosity etched on her face.“So… do I still look so similar without the clothes?”She looked nervous. You were speechless. Part of you had wondered if it was simply how sex starved you’d been, how long it had been since you’d seen anything resembling a conventional human form, if that was all that had driven your interest, but one more look at her beautious form confirmed the truth. “You look absolutely incredible. You’re amazing, Ember.”“Y-your turn.” She pointed at your suit as she pulled the rest of the leotard off, exposing thick, muscled thighs, a small, dainty purple slit and from that angle, just the side-glance of a perfectly well-toned behind. You might have died at that moment and you probably wouldn’t have noticed. There was blood rushing to your head, the obligations of your job an afterthought, and all you could do in response to her clumsily ordered command was oblige.You stood, wanting to make as much of a show of it as you could, but truthfully, you’d never stripped for anyone. That said, with all the ridicule that’d come from this damned suit through the last hour or two, you were incredibly happy to get it off. When you finally undid your shirt, button by button, you noticed just how much you’d managed to catch Ember’s interest. She was eyeing you like a piece of particularly succulent steak as you exposed more and more of your lightly furred chest (real men don’t wax kappa), down to your toned abdomen and the faint V outline you’d SOMEHOW managed to maintain between your abs and obliques. It wasn’t super defined. You weren’t a supermodel by any means, but you considered yourself to be fit, and Ember seemed more than satisfied with what she saw, if the way that her hands travelled was any indication.It almost seemed to be subconscious on her part. You didn’t want to point out that she was doing it, lightly pinching at her nipples, licking around her fingers and applying the soft moisture to her aroused nubs, a light pant about her. It was when she finally pushed a hand past her lower belly, softly touching against her lips that you’d finally managed to unbuckle your belt, pulling your jeans off and leaving it so all that separated the pair of you was the thin fabric of your underwear and a couple feet of space.But you could feel her encroaching, shuffling forward on her knees even as she continued to play with her little slit, and all pretense of what you were going to do, of whether this was simply an exchange of culture and a way to better understand each other? That was out of the window. The two of you were clearly turned on and ready to fuck, albeit nervous. You weren’t ashamed to admit that, either. You were allowed to be nervous, right? It wasn’t every day you got a chance to fuck a dragon princess. What if she was burning hot on the inside, or she breathed fire when she came and incinerated you?All concerns went out of the window the moment her clawed fingers touched against your stomach. She slowly pulled her way down, allowing them to get caught on your underwear, tugging just a little bit before tearing her hands away. Whether or not she was intentionally teasing was lost on you at first, but the moment she pressed her cheek against your hardening cock through the underwear and gave it a soft nuzzle, you knew for sure that she was in the mood to play games. How had it even come to this? One moment, the two of you were at each other’s throats! Now, you were at each other’s… yeah, that. You had so much to thank Twilight for (and likely apologise for) when all of this was over.She continued to tease your cock between the fabric, eventually slipping a hand in and beginning to work your shaft on the inside. She was exceptionally soft, the way she coaxed you to full hardness, which you were thankful for as you were cut and you’d been more than a little worried she wouldn’t realise how to handle your sensitive head. Apparently, Ember was a fast learner, and very intuitive. She could only stall on the both of you for so long though, and eventually pulled your cock free of its cotton prison, allowing the underwear to slide down your thighs and drop to your feet, where you quickly stepped out of it. There was a gasp then, and what almost sounded like a squeal of satisfaction. You’d never of thought Ember capable of making that noise.“This looks the perfect size,” she asserted, holding your shaft in both hands, moving it from side to side, giving you a small sniff. “You have a pleasant musk, too. One I’d associate with a dangerous predator, but yet wouldn’t consider fearsome? How curious…” She hazarded a lick at the tip of your cock, a bead of your precum on her tongue, and much like earlier, like she’d been when she ate her gems, you saw her eyes light up. “Do you mind if I sample just a little more?”Like you were going to protest. Her tongue was like liquid velvet, soft and flexible yet strong and versatile, flicking over each surface of your sensitive head in quick successive motions, ones you could hardly keep up with even when you tried closing your eyes and feeling it out, myriad sensations that built up with each repetitive flick of her tongue and threatened to crash against your body so hard they’d knock you out cold. Somehow, you kept standing, panting and gasping at each new ministration as Ember began to grow acquainted with the slab of cock on full offer for her. She was ravenous, almost greedy, and she’d definitely decided that it was all for her. That said, she took her time, introducing herself to more and more of it with each stroke of her tongue, each modicum of pressure from her full, warm lips. Eventually, she could take it no more, or perhaps you couldn’t, and she finally pushed down, taking the tip of your cock into her mouth.You weren’t sure whether it was you that pushed her down, what with your hands suddenly finding themselves on her head, or whether she’d taken the plunge of her own volition, but what you did know was that the pleasant vibration from her moan on contact coarsed through you all the way to your belly, down to your toes, which you had to stop from curling on instinct. She had a hand on your base, slowly pumping you as she worked more and more of your length into her mouth, not stopping for breath, not considering her limits, simply pushing herself further with each stroke, each thrust… that’s right, you were finally beginning to give in to your animalistic side.She liked them rough, after all, right? So you started giving it to her harder. Pleasure had eclipsed morality, forethought, reason, and right now, Ember’s throat felt like a territory you needed to conquer. You staked your claim with a heavy thrust, one that made her tits bounce in reaction, her legs quiver and shake, her tail smack against the marble floor. She was playing with her clit faster, moaning onto your cock unabashed as she continued to suck you, gaining her confidence, pushing back, attempting to retain control of the situation and be sure that she was the one who controlled what you felt, and how much of it.But you didn’t want to play games, you wanted to fuck that little throat while it tightened around your cock until she was cajoling the cum from your tip, whetting her appetite, sating your desire, and emptying your load all at once. And of course, you just knew that a greedy dragon would want to swallow every last drop, right? She seemingly had no limit to her endurance. Even when you were beginning to feel tired, when you could barely handle the tingle of her tongue, her throat against your length, she continued to work you in earnest, occupation with her task and fervent desire to see it through transcending any attempt at slowing down you might have made. There were no breaks. There was no stopping. No recuperation or waiting or recovering, just fuck, fuck, fucking until the two of you were completely and utterly spent.And you were going to bust in her mouth at this rate. You knew it already. You could feel the tension rising in you, threatening to take over, but you beat it back if only to allow this brilliance to last longer. You knew you had to fight it, that you couldn’t let your first time with her be over this quickly, that she’d only think you weak for it, but there was no fighting the impossibly skilled maneuvering of her tongue, the shake of her body, the fantasy you’d been fostering for hours in your mind, months in a broader scope, finally playing out in front of you in all of its beauty. Maybe it was the grace of god that pulled her off of you. Maybe she finally pushed herself a little too far, as she was panting and gasping when she finally allowed you your cock back. Not a moment too soon, as you knew you’d been only a matter of seconds away from finishing in her mouth. There was no talking, no. You both knew that anything said could ruin this moment, that what came next had to happen now or it might not happen at all.And so she pushed you down onto the floor. It answered the question of whether she was capable once and for all. Your cock stood towards the ceiling, a beacon of your monumental excitement, and in seconds, Ember was upon it, rubbing her slick cunt against your length, up and down, up and down… With little twists of her hips, she ensured that she was leaving her juices all over you, no spot left untouched, and when you were finally nice and lubricated, she pulled herself up, allowing your cock to stand true for just long enough for her to plant herself back down, spearing herself on just half of your length.But holy fuck, did you feel like a virgin again. There was a feeling that you remembered experiencing when you first lost it, way back when. One of shock and awe. The wetness, the tightness, the little explosions in your mind like visceral fireworks when you finally felt the dam bursting sensation of being inside of a woman for the first time. It was that, all fucking over again. If you hadn’t already realised, this would’ve been the moment that you discovered just how wonderfully different Ember was to any woman you’d ever met on earth.They just couldn’t do it how a dragon did. She was so perfectly tight, clinging to your cock so snugly that you imagined there’d be friction if it wasn’t for how exceptionally wet she was… she’d been right from the start, you were an absolutely perfect fit for her.And yet, she was taking some time to adjust. Her pants were soft, husky, they held all of her bravado, but the moment she pushed herself any further down, she let out an effeminate squeak that only reminded you of her inexperience. This wasn’t like her mouth, you didn’t want to hurt her, no matter the temptation to simply fuck the hell out of her, to pin her down, hold her by the hips and give her every inch. You had to let her ease into it, no matter how torturously slow it was, how much it made you yearn to thrust up and into her. You knew it was the only way she’d enjoy it anywhere near as much as you were. And so you let her continue to push down, lightly twisting and adjusting her body as she went, hands on your stomach, using you for support, her face twisted, expressing some mixture of pain, pleasure, and a love of the two being combined. When she eventually bottomed out, taking as much of you as she could possibly fit—about three quarters—she began to slide back up, becoming used to being stretched in such a way, to having something like this inside of her in the first place, to enjoying it, using it to get herself off, coming together with another in a way she’d never experienced before now.“H-how you finding it?” a pant between your words. Fuck she was tight.She was still blushing. Hell, her face might have burnt hotter than her flames. “This… this is—ahh!—this is fucking great…” You might have laughed in any other situation, maybe teased her for being so delicate, but you were hardly in the state to yourself. She was hardly wrong, either. This felt more than just great, it was nigh indescribable, the kind of perfection that you’d only usually experience right on the cusp of orgasm, but even now, only halfway there, you were feeling that same level of earth-shattering pleasure the entire damn time. And it was about to get a whole lot worse.Ember was really beginning to come into her own now, beginning to allow herself to bounce with more rhythm, more adventurous motions, pulling herself all the way up to your tip before beginning to slam herself back down. It wasn’t long until she was frantic, panting and bouncing and riding you with force, the true dragon warrior in her surfacing every time your cock submerged deep into her luxurious tunnel, her walls hugging you, the weight of her frim ass bouncing against your lap…She’d clench around you, too. Pull noises from you that you didn’t realise you were capable of making, turn your masculine grunts to whimpers and moans… she could really take control of you, even being a virgin, even being inexperienced, this was a sport to her, a competition, an exercise, and it was the kind of environment her species thrived in.But you weren’t going to let her push you to breaking point. Not just yet. You sat up, wrapping your arms around her back and allowing her to lean back, thrusting in as deep as you could manage from the angle, the laboured breathing of the two of you in perfect synchronicity. There was a pause, a skip of a heartbeat as you felt your prick’s sensation crest the apex for but a moment, feeling as if you might have pierced the barrier, that you might be ready to burst once more, but you managed to hold on by the edge of your clenched fingertips, denying yourself if only to stay in the fight, instead digging them into her back and scratching straight down her.She gasped from the sudden action, but luckily didn’t return the gesture with too much ferocity. Her claws could’ve really done a number on you if she hadn’t been careful. Ember understood balance here. In her actions, in her personality, she didn’t know how to be measured, that much had been clear, but in this single, solitary act? Here she was able to exercise caution and control, share with another, lead by example. It was almost as if it was intrinsic to her.But you were about to show her another side of sex. You hugged her tight to you, feeling her hard nipples slip against your chest for just a moment, the soft motion sending trembles shooting down your spine. Before she was able to reassert her dominance, control the situation once more, you exercised the size advantage you had over her, picking her up and moving to stand.Once you had her in the centre of the room, her legs wrapped around your waist, you were finally at the perfect angle to truly fuck her deep. Her breaths became hollow, juxtaposed to the incredible fullness she must’ve been experiencing in that moment, and while she tried to push back, wrapped her legs tighter and attempted to bounce on you from her position, you had total control here. You squeezed her tighter, only causing her to do the same with her body, contract and pulse until the tip of your cock began to feel spasmic, every twitch and convulsion another static shock that ran up and down you, every moan in your shared chorus an ode to the steadily building staccato of scintillating sound.And then you spied the table. You laid her down on it, fucking her without relent, without consideration as to her tolerance, somehow knowing she’d be able to take it all and dish it back out in kind. She’d take it, love it, and scream your fucking name. You could really pound her fast now, control exactly which angle you went in at, how far you went, and what’s more, you had access to her entire body. The table shook as you increased your pace, one hand moving to her lower belly, eventually snaking down to her clit, allowing you to stimulate her tight little pussy as you continued to push your way inside her. Only halfway, though, as you were feverishly hunting for her g-spot at the same time. You really wanted to get her off, almost as much as you wanted to shoot your load inside her!“Th-this is the best I’ve ever felt…” Ember was bright red at the cheeks, like she’d covered herself in ruby dust, claws gripping the table and scratching into it, tail wrapped around your leg and squeezing like you imagined an affectionate boa constrictor might, but it didn’t deter you. Even when you could feel part of your circulation going, you weren’t sure if it was from the pressure or your breathlessness, but you continued regardless. “Please… please don’t stop…”Suddenly, a devilish thought crossed your mind. “And what if I do?” You began to slow down as soon as you said it. Your body rebelled, it wanted you to keep fucking her, damnit, but you couldn’t help but exercise a little bit of your mean streak after how she’d acted earlier. “Are you going to beg me to keep going, princess? Are you going to beg me to fuck you?”She only squeezed your leg tighter. Now it actually hurt. You forgot that was there in the first place, fuck. Of course, you pretended it didn’t bother you whatsoever. “Don’t do this! You know I need this right now! D-don’t make me—ahh—” Of course, you pushed only slightly back inside her whilst she was talking. You knew she needed that final push over the edge in order to oblige. “You were saying?..”“I-I’m begging,” there was no fight in her voice anymore, just a needy, whining desire, like a puppy that had been deprived of its play. “Please, Anon, please keep going, don’t stop, fill me up… I need it so fucking bad...”That was all the encouragement you’d needed to hear and more. In fact, you felt as if she deserved a reward for being so forthcoming, for letting her defenses down so much, even if you’d pushed her into it.You were going to make her cum. You were going to make her cum fucking hard, right now.You worked yourself into a loose combination of ministrations, three quick pumps and then one slow, long one, switching it up every now and then to shock and tease her, picking up the pace of your index and middle finger working circles around her clit the whole while. Your other hand brushed across her body, breezing past her nipples and then finally finding purchase around her throat. You saw the fear in her eyes, but you only squeezed lightly, and she trusted you to keep going. If she’d panicked, you would’ve let go, but it would’ve been fucking hard.You applied more and more pressure as you went, increasing your speed, your feet grounded, her tail having let go of your leg, now limply tapping against the table as she gripped it even tighter with her claws, tongue lolling from her mouth, tears in the corners of her eyes… You knew she only needed a little more pressure to be pushed over the edge.You grabbed her by the hips, pulling her close and meeting her insides with all of the force you could muster, keeping her close, not letting her squirm away, and then finally, when her breath was so quickened it sounded as if she was hyperventilating, when she was so frantically lost in pleasure that she looked as if she could’ve been flying in ecstacy, you finally returned pressure to her engorged, wanting clit. One final flick, and a full, slow thrust inside, and you finally felt the pressure inside of her begin to release, a trickle seeping past your buried cock and pooling on the edge of the table.Not only did you feel it through your cock, the rapid tightening and contracting, the base, animalistic pleasure you were all but lost in, you heard it in her screams, rapid and coarse, refusing to die down, paying no heed to her surroundings, not caring who might’ve heard her, what might have happened next, for she was truly lost in this moment, ferried away with you to a place where all that mattered was the all-encompassing delight that shot through her like a current on an electrical storm.You wanted to keep fucking her to your own orgasm, you desperately wanted to, but you knew that she’d need a moment to recuperate. No matter how tough Ember might’ve been, she deserved at least a moment of rest after that.Only, she got straight back up the moment you pulled out. As it turned out, dragons were full of surprises. She sat on the edge of the table, still panting, and began to wank and suck your cock with a passionate urgency. There was no delay, no grace to it, only a wanton desire to make you cum too, to return the favour you’d so generously given, to make you burst all over her face and chest, let it drip down her body and glaze her entirely…She was so sloppy and intense… this wasn’t tantric sensuality, this was purely raw expression, and when she began to incorporate her tits too, placing your cock between the soft flesh and lightly shifting them up and down as she continued to lick at the tip, suckling on the end whenever she could reach it, you finally reached the point of no return.To say that you felt your soul leave you through your cock and subsequently had an out of body experience would be a slight understatement. Your first spurt hit Ember directly on the chest, cum glistening against her breasts, whilst your second caught her face and lips. It was an eruption that made inconsequentiality out of anything that’d preceded it, an implosion that could’ve given life to the dead, a majestic feeling that surpassed anything you might’ve experienced in anticipation of that moment, one that set in your mind the pinnacle of all things hedonistic and fantastic.In short, it was a fucking good orgasm.Riding down off of that high was meant to be a fun moment, right? Like, the best afterglow ever, surely. You’d just fucked a dragon princess, for fuck’s sake. Those first twenty seconds afterwards were a time for quiet reflection, to remember everyone who’d ever told you you’d never get laid in school, look back at them and stick a mental middle finger up. It was a time for both victory and letting the feeling ebb and fade, catching your breath, perhaps having a masculine cuddle with your new friend.Instead, you got hit by a tail again. “You got it all over my face! Idiot!”Oh, yeah. For a second, you’d forgotten who you were dealing with. “You were literally jerking my cock over your face, what did you expect?!”All of a sudden, Ember was incredibly flustered. Again. “I-I dunno, for you to aim it better?!”“Well I think I aimed it pretty damn well!” You smirked. Couldn’t help it. “Looks good on you.”“H-heh…” She returned the smile, wiping away a small measure of your load and giving it a taste. “Shut up.”“No, you.” A short laugh shared between the two of you, and you surveyed the room around you. Mainly untouched, apart from the deep claw marks in the table and the remaining bowls, plates, cutlery and stuff that’d clattered to the floor. “What are we going to tell Twilight when she gets back?”Ember didn’t miss a beat. “That we’re getting married, obviously.”You blinked. Blinked a few times, in fact. You were pretty sure one of your eyes was still twitching once you’d stopped blinking. Suddenly, you remembered just who you’d decided to have messy table sex with. “You… Are you serious?”Ember held a deadpan expression. “Why wouldn’t I be?” Right as you considered finding a window to jump out of, she broke into a laugh. “No, I’m not serious, that would be ridiculous.”“O-oh…” Jesus, dodged a bullet there. Sex equalling marriage was like, not your jam. “Thank fuck for that, then.”“We are dating now though. For at least a month. Dragon customs.”“Very funny.”“I’m not joking this time.” Ember poked your chest, ensuring she had your attention. “But… it’s only because that’s dragon law. It’s not…”“Because you like me or anything, right?” You wished she knew how much of a cliche she was.“Exactly!” She nodded very quickly at that. “I’m glad we’re on the same page. Anyways… what next?”You tapped a finger to your chin. “You wanna finally go on this castle tour?”“By that, do you mean ‘do I want to fuck you in every room in this castle?’”“I mean, I didn’t originally… Now I do.” “Lead the way!” Ember got up and stretched, finished cleaning herself off. “Leave the piano suit here though. I don’t wanna have to wait to get you naked again.”Christ, there was gonna be a lot of explaining to Twilight when she got home. Let’s just hope you didn’t make too much of a mess of the rest of Twilight’s castle before she got back....ah, fuck it, you’d earnt this.Be Anon.It was a Sunny afternoon. A little warm, but it was summer, and Sun Horse wasn't responding to any of your letters asking her to calm it the fuck down, so not too much could be done about that. Still, it would be cooler once the sun was down, and from the looks of it the thing was just about to set.There weren't too many ponies out and about. Ponyville as a whole usually went to bed just after sunsetThe whole lot of them were the early to bed early to rise sort. The nerds.Thankfully, you weren't a nerd, and didn't have a preset bedtime. This was usually the time you were able to walk around and get any work done that would give Applejack a conniption. Building, cutting, yardwork, taxes; mare's work, as she called it. Nevermind she had sat down with the rest of the town while Twilight and Mayor Mare had their little slide show about "Hyoomans". From what you had been told, while you were the first human to move into Ponyville, the princess and the mayor were trying to make sure you weren't the last. It was really nice here. The ponies were pretty friendly; so friendly that almost everyone knew your name by the end of the week or had introduced themselves to you. The air was clean, and there were no fucking homeless. Hopefully they kept the taxes high so no dirtbags could move in.Humming a tune to yourself, you turned the corner, making your way down the main road of the town. You didn't have to go to work tomorrow—there was a thunderstorm scheduled so you couldn't dig up and holes for the telephone and power lines—so you figured you could take an especially long walk. Just like you, the local princess wasn't some nerd with a bedtime. If she wasn't busy off on some adventure or in the midst of princess-y duties you might just drop in and say hello. Never a bad idea to smooze up to royalty.The Crystal Castle looked over all other buildings in the town. Even if you didn't know where you were going you'd have been able to get to it no problem. You made your way through the market, turned the corner, and there it was. You could even see the twinkle of candlelight coming through one of the windows. Looked like the princess was there and awake, or at least that weird student of hers was. That mare was a bit... different. She had a thing for communism. She liked to talk about it a lot: even had that Marx fella's book. The mare also got pretty upset when you told her that the whole system was a pyramid scheme for dorks. Called you a butt and everything.Still, she wasn't bad company pre se. She did have that kite hobby of hers from what Twilight said, which is the most adorable thing you've ever heard in your entire life.A little purple-ish pink-ish horse flying a kite. What a world.As you made your way down the street, you passed by a pair of mares, who tilted their parasols at you.You awkwardly curtsied, which had them giggling. Hurrying away from that shit, you turned the corner.There was the Princess's castle. Underneath that, as usual, was a small, well-maintained wagon. Sitting in front of this wagon, her cape missing and her hat sitting next to her, was another very strange horse. Trixie: aka the pony that tried to get you to buy her fireworks on the first day you came here. You did. You bought all of those suckers and fired them all off that very night like the madman you were. Almost blew your hand off with a horse m-80 and had a dozen complaints nailed onto your door the next morning. Shit was cash.The little unicorn was sitting on a stool, looking bored out of her mind. The moment she saw you she did perk up however."Anonymous? Anon! Hey, come here!" she called, waving you over with both hooves.Of course you walked over. She probably had a boatload of fireworks she needed to sell, and you needed a load of firecrackers for... reasons…As you got closer though, you didn't notice any fireworks. There was a small sign that was propped up by an old bucket. Getting a bit closer, you saw that it read "Backstage Show: Ten Bits".You cocked your head to the side. Backstage show? You didn't know Trixie had any shows today.The Mayor usually made her have them outside of town anyways, since the mare had a habit of lighting things on fire during her shows. Especially carts; and the occasional wagon, though you were pretty sure that was on purpose."Good Evening, Anonymous. Nice to see you up and about," Trixie said, running a hoof through her mane."Heya Trixie. Nice to see you, um, sitting." You gestured toward the sign. "Say, what's this backstage show stuff about?"Trixie's shoulders sagged. "It's... complicated," she said.Oh! Mystery!"You wanna talk about it?" You asked."Trixie can't," the mare said, looking down at the ground. "It's degrading, unequine, against everything that is good and wholesome. If anypony were to know such a state that I, the Grrrrreat and Powerful Trixie was in at this very moment I wouldn't be able to show my face in public again! I'd have to leave Equestria! No! Equus! I'd have to disappear into your hyoo-man lands, a nameless, disgraced mare!""Oh... Okay then. I can respect that. You don’t wanna talk about it you don’t gotta. I hope whatever it is you can—""Oh, if you insist I'd tell you," Trixie said, swooning on her stool. "It seems that not even one as Great and Powerful as myself can keep a secret from a noisy stallion."Rude. Also sexist."My shame, my secret, is that I've been reduced to selling myself like some pleasure stallion on the streets."It takes a few moments to register just what she had said."You're selling yourself?" you asked, both confused and concerned. "Why?""Twilight Sparkle has begun charging Trixie rent to park in this lot," Trixie said, gesturing toward her wagon. "That high and mighty alicorn also won't allow Trixie to sell her fireworks."The mare crossed her arms. Legs. Whatever ponies crossed."Until the season changes and it cools down, Trixie can't go out and perform to earn any bits. Money would usually be tight now but with this rent it's going to be impossible. I'll be kicked out of this lot and have to set up in the Everfree forest!""Well, have you considered getting a part-time job or something?""There's nothing that pays well enough to make the rent.""What about a loan? I'm sure the bank would be able to give you enough money to tide you over?""Trixie has no credit, Anonymous. She purchases everything out of pocket. Any bank I go to would turn me down.""If you need a place to stay you could come to my place I guess. I'd just charge you for food.""And leave my wagon all alone in the Everfree? It'd be destroyed in an hour by some wild beast, and if that happens I'm ruined!""Yeah... but pimping yourself out? Isn't this a little too much?""If you have a better idea Trixie would LOVE to hear it!" the unicorn snapped, sniffling. "And it's that darned SPARKLE forcing me into this. That Purple buffoon..."She sniffled again, wiping her nose with her hoof.You couldn't help but feel bad for the small horse woman. Twilight didn't seem the sort to threaten to kick a pony off her property. She was the Princess of Friendship, not some shitty landlord. Then again, she did have a school to run. Maybe she needed the rent money for books and desk, or whatever else they need in schools?It also could have been that Trixie here was a bad tenant, and the alicorn just wanted an excuse to get rid of her. You could completely understand that; back home you had some friends that were landlords. You’ve heard the horror stories.Still, Trixie seemed like a pretty good horse to you. It seemed like threatening to kick her out was a bit of overkill."When do you need the money?" you asked."By the end of next week," Trixie replied, sniffling again."How much do you need?""Too much.""Okay. How's the... business going?"Trixie's ears flattened against her skull. "Not well. Not very well at all. Obviously," she said, gesturing toward her hat. "Apparently, whoring oneself is much harder for a mare than it is for a stallion." Yikes...Frowning, you looked around, trying to wrack your brain and figure out how to help the little horse. Alas, you laid power line for a living, not solved life-harming problems. Nothing useful came to mind, and the one of two "ideas" you had would have been a hell of a lot more illegal than prostitution.Your gaze settled on Trixie's hat. You then looked down at the small bag of bits tied to your belt. You hadn't brought all that much with you on your walk; eleven or twelve bits at most if you remember right.You untied the bit bag as Trixie sniffled yet again, opening it up to look into its contents. "Here. I know it's not a lot, but every little bit helps right?" you said unending the bag.Trixie looked up just as your bits fell into her hat, her eyes widening. "Anonymous...""I think you should talk to someone about the whole rent thing. Maybe with Twilight, maybe someone else that can help. Hell, talk to someone smarter than me," you said, shrugging. "Maybe you can get something worked out. If not, like I said, you can stay at my place. We can figure out what to do with your wagon."With that good deed done, you prepared to walk off into the distance like a cool guy, knowing that you had just done a good thing that you should be happy about. You made it two steps before you heard the twinkle of magic and an invisible force spun you right back around."And where in Equestria do you think you're going?" Trixie demanded, eyes narrowed.You blinked, thrown off by the mare's aggressiveness. "...I was leaving?"Trixie leaned forward in her stool with a low, threatening growl. "Trixie has sunk low, but she will NOT sink so low as to just take a stallion's money.""You're not taking anything. I'm giving it to you," you replied. "No big deal. Really.""It IS a big deal. Trixie is no charity case!""Don't you get your money based on people's charity during your shows?""That is different," Trixie said with a huff. "Trixie entertains those ponies. She makes their lives better that we were before and in return they give her bits." The mare puffed her chest out. "Taking bits without giving anything in return goes against everything that Trixie stands for. So, she'll have compensate you."She looked down at your groin. You tried to take a step back, but Trixie's horn glowed, and you were forced to take a step toward her."Come on, Trixie. You don't have to do THAT. I don't really WANT you to do that. That money was just to help you out. You can pay me back when you get the money.""That might not be for months, Anonymous. If I can't give you something in return for these bits immediately it'll eat at Trixie and possibly drive her insane. You don't want that now, do you?""Well no, but—""Very well then. It's agreed," the unicorn said, a small, almost playful smile coming to her face. "Trixie sees that you placed more than ten bits into her hat. She'll just have to go above and beyond to earn those few extra bits then."Even as she said all of this, Trixie's face was bright red, though that didn't stop her from bringing you close."Is there any technique that you might prefer, Anon?" she asked."I'd honestly prefer if you took me to dinner first, you crazy horse," you said, looking around. "Or at the very least not doing this out in the streeeeeeee—"Leaning forward, Trixie rubbed the tip of her nose against your groin.You jumped at the sensation, trying to take a step back, only for the unicorn's magic to hold you in place. Trixie let out a murmur, rubbing you a little more firmly. You could hear her taking a deep breath, shivering a few moments later."Goodness... I had heard you humans had a pungent odor, but I never imagined it would be this strong," she muttered, rubbing her muzzle up and down your length. "It's as if you were in heat..."You tried to fight it, but you weren't made of stone. The nuzzling, the hot, moist breath that you could feel seeping through your clothing with each breath Trixie took, the fact that a cute little horse was determined to molest you out in public like this. You began to get hard.Trixie let out a noise of excitement when she felt you twitching against her muzzle. She leaned so far forward that her rump was almost out of her stool, rubbing herself against you with more force. The mare began mouthing your cock, teasing you through your pants. When you were hard enough to pitch a proper tent, she even began licking your tip with her long, thick tongue. You tried keeping as quiet as you could, even as her saliva soaked your pants and your dick was throbbing, squirming where you stood.It felt good. Really, really good. So good, in fact, that if she didn't stop soon you might have made even more of a mess of your poor pants. Thankfully, Trixie leaned back.The mare's face was now bright red. She was panting, her tongue hanging out of her mouth and her eyes slightly hazy. You watched as she swallowed, licking the spit from her lips."You... You are ready," she said, not taking her eyes off your groin. "Now it's time for Trixie to show you some real magic."The tip of her horn lit up, her magic pulling both your pants and underwear down. Your head snapped from side to side. There was still enough light outside for any pony walking around to clearly see just what you two were doing, and while you weren't too sure about Equestria's public indecency laws you had a feeling that at the very least you'd get a very stern talking to from someone.Your dick, free from its confines sprang up before flopping down onto Trixie's muzzle. The unicorn twitched with a sharp inhale."Wow..." you heard her say, her eyes widening. Trixie was so enraptured that her grip on your legs disappeared. If you wanted, you could have made your escape if you were fast enough. No matter how hard you tried, you legs just wouldn’t move.Your cock throbbed, bouncing against her nose, coating it with precum.Trixie smiled, her tongue slipping out of her mouth to lick it clean. Her horn glowed, and your hands were guided to the top of her head."Now, for my first trick I'll make your cock... disappear."She leaned forward, her mouth opening. Her lips wrapped around your cockhead, her tongue began to lazily swirl around your length. You couldn't quite stop yourself from making a noise, a squeak escaping you. Your fingers dug into the mares scalp as she began humming. Every muscle in your lower body tensed as a pleasure raced up your spine, and it was all you could do not to thrust forward as hard as you could.Trixie paused, pulling back until just your tip was in her mouth. You saw her nostrils flare, saliva pooling out from around her mouth to drip onto the dirt street. She gave you another wink before forcing herself forward, going deeper this time before pulling back again and taking another breath. With each bob of her head more and more of your cock disappeared into her mouth before, just as she had taken half of you, your tip met some resistance.Trixie's eyes widened, body twitching as she paused. Her tongue work stopped for a moment as the mare's eyes narrowed. Cock still in her mouth, she took a deep breath, angling her head upward slightly. You felt her swallow as she forced herself forward.A groan escaped you as your tip was enveloped in tightness and an almost overwhelming heat. Your hips jerked, forcing another inch of your maleness down the mare's throat. Trixie's eyes went huge, the unicorn's whole body tense for a moment before it became relaxed. She reached up with shaky hooves, wrapping them around your legs, forcing more of your cock down her throat.You grip on her mane loosened, your belly heaving. "Fuuuuuuuck," you swore, shutting your eyes tight.Trixie groaned around your cock, forcing herself forward. You tried pushing her head back to stop her but she wasn't taking no for an answer. She went deeper and deeper, until there was a noticeable bulge in her throat and there were tears in her eyes until, at least, you felt her muzzle press against your pelvis. Her body spasmed, eyes rolling in her skull.The mare gargled around your cock, hooves tightening around your legs. She held this position for ten, fifteen, twenty seconds before you felt her gagging around you.You grabbed her by her ears, and this time she didn't stop you from pushing her back until your tip slipped out of her mouth with a wet plop. Trixie let out a cough, looking at you with an annoyed expression, which was ruined somewhat by the tears streaming down her spit and pre-cum covered cheeks and chin."What" She coughed again, licking her lips. "What in Equestria do you think you're doing?"Before you could answer, she forced your hands back onto the top of her head with a spell."Trixie said that she was going to go above and beyond. I'm not going to have you make me a liar, hyoo-man.""Trix—Fuck!"She darted forward, taking you back into her mouth, sucking on your tip hard enough to steal your breath away. Her magic pinned you in place once again as she began bobbing and twisting her head like a mad mare.The bobs were smooth, deep. She never took you to the hilt as she had, but she didn't need to. The unicorn seemed to know every spot to hit. Whenever she saw your expression change or saw you trying to stifle a groan, she'd change technique. The bobs became short and slow, focused on the first third of your cock while one of her hooves played with your balls. When she thought you were getting too used to the treatment, she'd lurch forward, forcing your tip into her throat for a few moments before pulling back.You could feel that familiar ticklish sensation starting to build up. Your hips started to move on their own, forcing more of your length into Trixie's mouth. She sucked all the harder, even as your tip started hitting the back of her throat.You tilted her head upward so that you could slip back into that overwhelming tightness, and soon you found yourself fucking the unicorn's face proper.Trixie gave you no resistance as you began hilting her face, her tongue just slipped out of her mouth to lap at your balls or tickle the underside of your cock. Her face was completely soaked and spit and cum, her hair was messy, and her eyes were crossed.The sight along was too much.That ticklish sensation grew and grew, until it threatened to boil over. Your thrusts became sloppier, more wild, and you were gripping the unicorn's mane so hard that you were surprised you weren't ripping it out by the roots. Panting, your belly heaving, you were able to thrust, then thrust again before you could feel your cock twitching hard."Fucking... fucking... fuck! Trixie!"Trixie's eyes focused at the sound of her name. Her horn sparked to life, pulling your hands from her mane. She pulled back in one smooth motion, grabbing your cock with both hooves and stroking it as fast as she could."Come on," she said. "Cum for the Great and Powerful Trixie you fat-dicked colt!"She opened her mouth wide, sticking her tongue out with an "Awwwww!". You thrust in time with her jerks, back arching as the pleasure hit you like a tidal wave.Your first rope went high, hitting Trixie's horn and forcing her to close an eye. The mare let out a groan, tilting your dick downward so that let shot fired onto her tongue. You came again and again, more than you had ever in your life, so much that the mare's tongue and the sides of her mouth were completely covered.Trixie was able to get one last rope out of you, aiming it so that it went up the length of her muzzle, before you were spent. She let you go, and you almost fell to the ground in a heap as a wave of exhaustion hit you. The mare looked up at you, closing her mouth and swallowing.Her eyes slid shut. "Salty..." she murmured with a hum, purple eyes snapping up to your face. "So, was that satisfactory?"~_~_~_~_~_~_~Be Starlight.Be a little peeved as Trixie skipped into your bedroom, head held high. She still had Anon's cum all over her muzzle, and she looked as smug as you've ever seen her, which was something for the magician."Trixie told you she could do it, Starlight!" she said as she made her way over to you. "That colt was putty in her hooves!"You sighed, horn glowing, levitating a bag of bit over to the unicorn."Here, fifty bits, just like we bet," you said, not able to keep the irritation out of your voiceThis was supposed to be an easy bet. What stallion would pay a mare to blow them? Much less do it in the middle of the bucking street?But it had happened; heck, you had watched the whole thing via magic, so it wasn't like you could deny it. Sure, it was a little cheap that she made up that whole story about Twilight, but you didn't SPECIFICALLY say that she couldn't when you laid the ground rules. This still felt entirely unfair however, and you were a bit butt-bothered about the whole thing.Trixie snatched the bits out of your magic, grinning. "Told you I could do it," she sing-songed. "You're lucky the Great and Merciful Trixie didn't make the bet one hundred bits.""Yeah, yeah, no need to rub it in," you said."I'm not rubbing it in, I'm simply implying that you shouldn't think so little of your best friend next time. As if I couldn't talk anypony into my bed with the greatest of ease!""It wouldn't have worked with a stallion and you know it!"Trixie giggled, reaching up to wipe some of the cum on her face away. She examined it for a few seconds before licking her hoof clean.You frowned. "Sooo... how was it?""Much better than watching it, I promise you," Trixie said. "I can see why some mares are so interested in hyoomans."She looked back over at you, smirking. "Bet you I can get him to put it in my tailhole by the end of the month."Your eyes narrowed down to slits."...I'll take that bet."Still be Anon.It had been a few days since that whole thing with Trixie. To your slight shame, that wasn't the last time you had given the mare some bits in exchange for lewd favors. It was only slightly shameful because Trixie could suck out your soul through your cock, and really seemed to enjoy leaving you a crumpled, broken, sexually spent husk of a man.Every single day the two of you had fooled around, with Trixie going so far as to come over to your house when she knew you were off work so she could jump you as soon as you came through the door. The one time she hadn't even let you get out of your work clothes, sucking you off in the middle of your kitchen. She had insisted on hopping into the shower with you to clean up, and then stayed late snuggling up against you on your couch watching human movies before she got bored and blew you again. "That one is on Trixie," she had told you, your cum on her face and in her mane.It had been a wild few days, and Trixie was probably well on her way in paying her rent for her wagon. Which was kinda good, right? Just because you got blowjobs in exchange didn't make you a dirtbag. That whole thing wasn't even your idea; Trixie was the one yanking your pants down most days. You were the good guy in this situation if you really thought about it.Today had been a particularly hard day at work. The section of line that you and your crew were working on today had been the mother of all pains. The area had been rocky, making it hard to dig even with the help of those stupidly strong earth ponies. Applejack and a few mares had also complained about you being the on-site foreman. Again.You swear that apple farmer went out of her way to be a pain in your neck. It wasn't going to be fun at all whenever you had to put a line through her property.Still, you had gotten the work done. Two miles of line had been put in, tested, and buried, with another day of the same tomorrow. You were exhausted, both physically and mentally, so much so that you had almost asked one of your crew to carry you home on their backs. Which, now that you think about it, was probably some sort of racial discrimination that could have gotten your ass fired.The walk home was longer than usual as you dragged your feet, so tired that you could barely say hello to the ponies that waved at you. You were so sweaty that your shirt clung to your chest, and every time you walked you swore your boots made a squelching sound. Even so, you were able to make it to your house, kick off those boots, and plop down onto your couch. You even let out one of those tired, defeated old-man groans to round the whole thing off.Since you and your crew had started early in the day--as you always did, to keep Celestia's sun from making an already hard job miserable--there was still a lot of the day left. If you weren't so tired, you might have gotten some other work done. Maybe go shopping, maybe put in that gutter for your roof like you swore you'd do a month ago. As it was, the only reason you didn't pass out on the couch was because you didn't want the thing to get all gross from sweat and dirt.You yawned, rubbing your face with a hand, ready to get up and make the arduous journey up the stairs toward your bathroom, when you heard your front door opening. Back on Earth, this might have been the cause of some alarm, especially since whoever was coming in hadn't even knocked, but it was different in Equestria. Ponies liked to just sort of walk into folks' houses; it was some sort of weird herd mentality, friendship-based tradition they had. The mayor told you about it when you had first moved in, since she knew that most humans locked their doors like a sensible species, and you had sort of gone with the flow after that. You heard your door click shut, which was followed by the sounds of hoofsteps on your nice wooden floor. You attempted to get up with a grunt, failed, and sort of slumped against your couch. "If you're those Filly Scouts again I don't want any popcorn," you called. "I already got ten boxes of the stuff."A giggle came from the hallway. "I'm a bit too old to be a Filly Scout, and I think their popcorn is pretty gross, so you don't have anything to worry about," a voice called back.You recognized that voice. It was comrade Starlight, commie horse extraordinaire.The mare poked her head into your living room, a smile on her face. "I see you just got off work. You look tired.""Yep," you said, shaking your head. "I'm pretty beat.""I heard Applejack was giving you a hard time again.""She was. The turd.""I wouldn't get too mad at her, Anon," Starlight said, making her way into the room. "She's an old-fashioned mare. She just doesn't want you hurting yourself.""I barely do any of the heavy lifting," you said. "I just yell at people and try to keep them from killing themselves with power tools. It's not like I'm juggling knives.""I'll ask Twilight to talk with her again. See if she can get her to leave you alone," Starlight said, taking a seat right in front of you."I'd really appreciate it," you said, letting your eyes slip shut. "That mare's been getting real insufferable lately. So, what brought you here? Trying to convert me to Marxist teachings again?"Starlight snorted. "You can make fun all you want, but he really did have some good ideas.""Ideas so good that they never worked in any meaningful scale whatsoever."You heard Starlight take a deep breath, as she usually did before a rant. This time though, oddly enough, she didn't immediately assault you with words and "facts" and all of that nonsense."Joking aside, I really need to talk to you about something, Anon," she said."Yeah, and what's that, Glimmy?""Well... Twilight has decided to start making me pay rent for staying in her castle. More than I can afford to be honest..."Your eyes snapped open. "You're shitting me, right?" you asked Starlight stared at you solemnly, not saying a word. The two of you just sort of stared at each other, silence filling the air. You were almost about to have an existential crisis when the unicorn's mouth twitched. She then let out a snort, which turned into a belly laugh."Oh, the look on your face," she said between chuckles, pointing at you. "Oh Celestia was that worth it..."You frowned as she had a good giggle at your expense. "Was that really necessary?" you asked."Sorry, sorry," Starlight said, wiping a tear from her eye. "I couldn't help it. It was just too good of an opportunity to pass up""So... you know about me and Trixie?""Of course."You sat up, leaning forward. "I gotta ask, since you're Twilight's personal student and all, is that whole thing about Trixie needing to pay her rent to park her wagon actually real?""Of course not," Starlight said, shaking her head. "Twilight would never do anything like that."Oh. Oh, that little blue turd."Really?""Yep, in fact I'm really surprised that you fell for that," the unicorn continued."How was I supposed to know?" you asked defensively. "Trixie played it off really well! Are you sure she doesn't actually pay rent? Because if she doesn't I'm gonna be pretty upset."Starlight just chuckled. "You hyoo-mans are a bit gullible, huh?" You took in a deep breath, then exhaled. If Glimmy wasn't bullshitting you, you just might be the stupidest man that has ever lived. Like a mythically stupid individual."She actually doesn't have to pay rent then?" you asked."Nope. Not a bit," Starlight replied."You're absolutely sure?""Ah-huh."You slowly nodded, not really upset, but pretty confused. "Is this some weird cultural thing, mares tricking guys into paying them for sexual favors, or was I just getting messed with?"Starlight's grin lessened somewhat. "Welllllll, actually, Trixie and I had a bet going on," she said, looking bashful. "I bet her fifty bits she couldn't get a stallion to pay for a blowjob.""...Why?"The unicorn shrugged. "I like to gamble, and I thought it was a sure-fire bet. I didn't expect you to fall for it." She looked up at you, ears folding against her skull."Would it make you feel any better if I told you she was gonna give you all your bits back?" That did make you feel a bit better. Not that you were really all that mad to be honest. You had worked in construction all of you life; you had seen some of the lengths people went to win bets or prove points. Tricking someone into getting a blowjob wasn't in your top ten. Unfortunately."If it was just for a bet and she's giving me back my money, why the hell is she over here every single day?" you asked.Starlight looked at your groin. "I saw your first little "session". If I was Trixie I'd be coming over here everyday too." The unicorn cleared her throat."There's also the fact that we might have also made another bet. If she managed to talk you into putting it in her tailhole by the end of the month I'd owe her a hundred bits."You stared at the mare for a few seconds before a chuckle escaped you. "Well, you would have won that bet," you said. "I'm not much of an anal guy.""Really? Aw," Starlight said, pouting. "I should have waited then.""You should have," you said. "Now you gotta pay her the bits because you told me, you little cheater.""What? No I don't," Starlight said, eyes widening."Of course you do. You can't just make a bet and try to weasel out of it," you replied."Trixie won't know I tried to weasel out of it if you don't tell her, Anon. Come on, be a sister from another mister. Please?" Her eyes once again flicked to your groin. "If you keep your mouth shut I'll make it worth your wild."You watched as her tail flicked from side to side as the tip of her horn glowed, unbuttoning your pants. This turn of events wasn't something you were expecting. Still, you weren't going to look a gift horse in the mouth.Heh. Horse puns."If I tattle I might be able to talk her into giving me half the bits," you said.For a moment, Starlight looked a bit panicked. A hundred bits wasn't an insignificant amount of money. You had no idea how much her job at the friendship school paid, but you had a feeling that this bet was close to a paycheck for her. You watched as she quietly wrestled with something in her mind before a smile came back to her face."Then I just I'll just have to give you a sixty bit experience then, huh?" she said, tilting her head to the side.Your pants zipper was pulled down all the way. A grunt escaped you as you felt her magic grab your dick and slip it through the hole in your underwear."You think you can do that, Glimmy?" you asked, leaning back into your couch. "That's a lot more than what Trixie charges.""Trixie just uses her mouth," Starlight said, eyeing your cock. "Sure, she's pretty good at it, but a mouth is nothing compared to magic. Especially when somepony knows what they're doing."She got up, moving close enough that she was able to rest her head on your thigh. Her horn glowed just a bit brighter, and right above her an ethereal hand formed out of her magic."With enough practice, a unicorn can basically do whatever she wants," Starlight said, making the hand open and close. "If you're really powerful, the sky's the limit."She nuzzled your leg, eyes slipping shut."Hmmm... I can see why Trixie loves coming here right after you get off work," she muttered, grinding her flank against your floor. "That smell really is something."You lifted up a hand, placing it on the mare's head as her magic hand floated down and grabbed your cock. Oddly, it felt warm as it touched your bare flesh, with a very slight tingle. Another hand materialized, floating down to cup your balls as the other began to stroke you. Starlight had the hand make twisting motions, using both slow, long strokes and short, quick pumps. You leaned back a little more, spreading your legs nice and wide as you found yourself becoming hard.Starlight sighed as you began scratching her ears."That's a neat trick, but I don't think a handjob is gonna cut it, Glimmy," you said. "This is nice, but not sixty bits nice."The mare giggled breathlessly, her tail flicking back and forth. She tilted her head up to look at you as she began slapping your cockhead against her soft, furry cheek."I know, you silly colt. I just needed to get you all ready."The hand groping your balls disappeared, and the hand stroking you make it's way down to your base, keeping your tip pointed at the ceiling."Like I said, a unicorn can use her magic for anything," Starlight said, wisps of magic coming off of her horn and floating above her head.It quickly formed into a mouth; her mouth, you realized after a few seconds."A mouth—"The magic twisted and molded, turning into a winking marehood."A pussy—"It changed again, turning into what looked like a fleshlight."Or something even better than both of them."She brought the fleshlight-looking thing down, rubbing it against your tip. Your cock twitched, and you let out a startled moan. It was warm, and softer than anything that you had ever felt in your entire life; sort of what you imagined a cloud would feel like if you could actually touch one. Just that little rub made your body curl forward in pleasure."If you think that feels good wait until you're inside of it," Starlight said, positioning the thing right above your cock. "Ready?""A-Actually, maybe—FUCK!"In one swift motion Starlight brought down the fleshlight, forcing all of your cock inside of itFor a moment, your vision actually went white. Your chest seized, and every muscle tensed as by pleasure unlike any that you had ever felt wracked your body. Your hands shot up, trying to grab something, eyes widening. If you had been able to, you might have let out a scream.The inside of the fleshlight was a moving, almost living thing.It pulsed, moved; it was warm, wet. At the same time though, it was otherworldly. Nothing in your life was comparable to what it was doing to you. It felt so good that it was almost painful.Starlight twisted it, pulling it a few inches up your cock before slamming it back down. Stars exploded across your vision. Your hips jerked, and you found your iron-hard cock firing rope after rope of cum.Starlight winced as the first load flew over her head."Oops. Maybe I put a little too much oomph into it," she said, as another spurt of cum hit her mane and horn.The fleshlight quickly disappeared, though you continued cumming harder and longer than you ever had before. By the end of it, you didn't have the strength to hold your head up. Your balls felt empty, and your cock felt like you had just tried fucking a big ass shop-vac. That otherworldly, indescribable pleasure disappeared, replaced by an uncomfortable, aching pain . Wheezing, you slumped sideways onto your couch, eyes shut tight. Something nuzzled your chin."Anon? You okay there, champ?" Starlight asked.It took a few moments for you to collect yourself, cracking open an eye to see that the unicorn's face was coated in your cum. Usually, such a sight would have been hot, with Trixie seeing that would have you ready for a second round in just a few minutes, but you couldn't feel much of anything right now."...Owwww," you managed to say, eyes slipping back shut."Sorry, sorry. I didn't think the spell would work that well," Starlight said."It feels like someone tried to pull my soul through my dick," you replied, curling into a ball. "I don't like it.""That might be the rush of endorphins. Or you might have cum so hard you pulled something important. Here, let me fix that."The twinkle of magic filled the air, this was followed by a cooling, soothing feeling entering through your toes and quickly working its way up your body. The aching and exhaustion went away, which allowed you to open your eyes and sit up.You looked down at your now soft cock, then at the mare sitting in front of you, taking a deep breath. "Please don't do that again," you said"I won't," Starlight said, placing a hoof against her chest. "Are you okay now? That spell should have negated any negative affects the spell might have on you.""What even was that?""Something that I worked on while I was a... mayor," the unicorn said."Mayor? You were never a mayor, you crazy little commie.""I was too! Sure, they didn't call me a mayor, but I sorta was one!""Are you talking about that weird cult town you used to run?""It was NOT a cult town.""It really was, but why in the world did you need a spell like that?"Starlight opened her mouth before it snapped shut, a blush coming to her face. "Well... I always wanted to be covered in stallion cum," she said, looking down at the floor. "I made that spell, and was trying to figure out how to talk every stallion in town to let me use the spell on them at the same time, but Twilight and the other girls came in before that "plan" could come bare fruit."She looked down at your cock, letting out a chuckle as she placed a hoof against her cum-soaked hair."Though it looks like I wouldn't have needed more than one or two stallions if you're anything to go by."Her horn sparked to life, and the cum was gone from her face and mane. She hopped into your lap."Are you sure you're alright?" she asked, nuzzling your throat."I'm fine," you said. "Seriously though, I'd never use that spell on a stallion. That could be used to torture someone I bet.""I won't. Cross my heart and hope to fly; all of that other stuff too," Starlight said, going through the motions, even poking her eye. "Speaking of bets, I guess I really flubbed it on this one, huh?""Yeah. I think you kinda did," you agreed, wrapping an arm around her.The two of you were silent for a few moments."Anon?""Yeah?""You know, I have another spell. Not like the one I just used, but sorta the same.""I bet you do."You poked the mare's cutiemarks, causing her to giggle."It's actually a spell created by a very famous mage: Tiny Dancer. That mare was known for her... interesting spells. It's tested, and I'm positive that it'd have the same result for you as it would a regular stallion."She grinded her rump against your groin."After that I can just get you off using the conventional means. I might not be Trixie, but I'm sure I can get that monster of yours spurting."You knew you should have probably just told the crazy horse no, that you had gotten your fill of magic for the day. It would have been the smart, sane thing to do. You were many things, but smart and sane?Not so much."It's not gonna hurt, right?" you asked. "Because if it does I'm gonna go bananas on you.""It won't hurt are all," Starlight said. "I'm eighty--ninety-five percent sure."You let out a sigh. "Fuck it. I'm not here for a long time I'm here for a good time. Hit me."Starlight's horn glowed as she tapped it against the bottom of your chin. There was a small jolt, then nothing. Just sitting there, you waited. "You sure this is supposed to work? 'Cause I'm really not feeling anything.""Just be patient. It's suppose to take a few seconds."A few seconds passed, then a few more, and still nothing. You were about to ask the Starlight to cast it on you again when you finally felt something.It started out in your chest; a warmth, a pleasant heat. With each breath you took, it started to spread outward. It made its way down your chest, down your arms and legs, the heat never becoming uncomfortable or overwhelming until it hit your groin.Your cock twitched as the heat grew warmer. You found yourself holding Starlight close, resting your chin on top of her head. With each breath you could pick up a new scent; sweet, musky, mouthwatering. It caused you to bury your face into the mare's mane, inhaling deeply, your cock twitching again. Starlight once again grinded herself against your lap, and you became acutely aware that the mare's rump was wet. Your hands made their way down her sides toward her rump, giving it a firm squeeze as you nipped at her neck. The unicorn giggled. Her voice, usually sweet and adorable--like most ponies--sounded downright angelic. In fact, everything about her seemed just a bit better than before. Her fur was softer, the warmth coming off her body felt nicer, she smelled better than anything you had ever smelled."You okay there, Anon?" she asked. You didn't answer, your hands leaving her rump. Starlight jumped as you fingers brushed against her inner thighs."I guess it's working huh? See, I told you it wasn't that b—AD!"The mare twitched as you ran your fingertips along her marehood. She was soaking wet, and you could feel the heat coming from her nethers. Starlight let out a groan as you toyed with her clit, wrapping your free arm around the mare's belly and lifting her up a bit before rubbing your face against her neck and chest. You used your thumb to rub it in gentle circles while your pointer and middle fingers rubbed her lips. Her clit winked against your hand, the mare's legs closing around your arm as her back arched."Oh... Oh that feels really, really nice," Starlight said, breathless.She tried to tilt her head over to look at you, but you just nuzzled yourself more firmly against her neck. The mare let out laugh, which turned into a squeak as you slipped a finger inside of her. Your breathing hitched, and you almost let out a squeak along with her. She felt so warm, so wet. You could feel her inner muscles flexing around your finger, prompting you to push it deeper inside until you were past the second knuckle."T-That's... Oh Celestia," Starlight said, tensing as you dragged the finger along her walls.She tensed as your digit slid on a slightly textured surface, letting out a hiss in your ear. You pumped your finger in and out of her, slowly, savoring that musky, powerful scent as it grew more noticable. Your hand grew slick with Starlight's excitement, but you couldn't bring yourself to care as you slipped another finger inside of her.Fingertips tickled her walls. Each time she clenched you wiggled your fingers back and forth. Your other hand made its way down to play with her rock hard teats, which had her panting like a dog while she grinded herself against your lap.Your eyes slipped shut, and you let out a hum as you slipped a third finger inside of the mare, much to her enjoyment. It was relaxing, it was enjoyable; you might have continued fingering the mare until the sun when down if an idea didn't suddenly pop into your head.Pulling your fingers out of the mare, ignoring her groan of disapproval, you popped them into your mouth. The taste was out of this world. Sweet, savory, tangy; it was so good that your eyes snapped open. You needed more.Starlight, watching you lick her cum off your hand, turned beet red. "Holy fuck that’s ho—eep!"You hoisted the mare into the air. As she squirmed, you laid down onto the couch, placing her rump right at eye level and gently laying her down. Your head forced her legs to spread out wide, her tail tickling the top of your head and the back of your neck as you dragged your tongue up the length of her pussy."A-ANON!" she said, alarmed, legs clamping around your head.A groan escaped you. She tasted even better like this. The weight of her on top of you, the heat, the smell. You weren't a religious man, but now you were starting to see the appeal. You lapped at her marehood and her inner thighs, licking her clean of her arousal before once again attacking her slit. Her clit winked against your nose as your tongue parted her lips with each drag upward of the tongue. Starlight continued to wiggle and squirm, but eventually went limp when you slipped a tongue inside of her. Her inner muscles clamped down so hard that they nearly forced your tongue out of her. You persevered, wiggling your tongue from side to side, slowly but surely forcing your way deeper inside of her.Your tongue brushed against that slightly rough texture again, and Starlight let out a scream that you could clearly hear even with her legs wrapped around your head. A mouth wrapped around your cock, a tongue swirling around your head, but you barely noticed. Your tongue slipped deeper into the unicorn, you licked her with more fervor until her belly was heaving and your head, neck, and chest were covered in her arousal."Fucking buck! A-Anon! You really need to—" Starlight began.You pulled your tongue out of the mare. Dragging your tongue up her slit, you stopped at her clit. It winked against your lips, and without a second thought you began to suck on it. Starlight's body went from limp to and as a rock and shaking in less that a second. The mare bucked her hips, letting out a yelp. You wrapped your arms around your waist, keeping her pinned against you as you continued to suck."OhmygoshohmygoshohmygoshohmygoshohmygoshOHMYGOSHI'MGONNAFUCKINGCUM!"A shiver ran through Starlight's body, the mare screaming as she came all over your face. You let out a hungry growl, letting go of her clit to lick her clean.~_~_~_~_~_~Be Starlight.Be very much exhausted.It had been a little shaky at first, but you think everything went wonderfully. Tiny Dancer’s spell—basically a watered down Want-It Need-It spell—had worked better than you expected. You had heard that really didn't work on ponies—something about your natural magic messing with the spell—but Anon hadn't been able to keep his hands off of you.It was a shame that you had emptied his nuts so fast with your first spell, otherwise you might have seen if the colt would have let you bounce on that big cock of his. Maybe next time if you could talk Trixie into it?At the very least you could make up for the fact that you came so quickly. That shit was embarrassing.You giggled as Anon peppered your face with kisses. The hyoo-man had pinned you underneath him, arms wrapped around your middle.. You were pawing at his chest and face, playfully trying to dodge his smooching. You could have easily teleported away, but it was just too much fun seeing Anon like this.Anon, planting one last kiss on your lips—which you returned since you weren't made out of stone—maneuvered himself so that he was laying on his side. Almost as soon as he did it, you heard his breathing slow.You wiggled yourself against him, your back pressed against his chest. "So... did you enjoy yourself?" you askedOf course, the sleeping hyoo-man didn't reply, so you used your magic to pick one of his arms up. With a giggle, you draped it over yourself. This was worth every one of those hundred bits."Why don't they just shoot the good guy?"You let out a sigh.You were sitting on your couch, a blanket draped over your legs. Sitting on your coffee table was a collection of drinks and snacks, and your TV was playing one of your favorite action movies. On one side was Trixie, on the other was Starlight. Both mares had their heads resting on each of your thighs, their hooves hanging off the couch. Starlight had a drink floating next to her head, while Trixie was using her wizard hat as a popcorn trough.Nothing was really supposed to happen today; you had just sort of wanted to get cleaned up after work and go to sleep, but apparently the mares had decided that it was a movie night. You had just gotten out of the shower when they had barged in your house with bags filled with junk food, demanding that you put a movie in. It wasn't too bad if you were being honest; this was the end of the work week and you could use some relaxing.If only you could get these horses to shut up while the movie was playing."Look, they're all just standing there and he's tied to a chair. Why not just shoot him?" Starlight asked to no one in particular, pointing a hoof at your TV. "Do your weird gun stick things need time to warm up?""Trixie agrees," Trixie said before sticking her muzzle into her hat.The sounds of the mare noisily munching her popcorn almost drowned out the exposition that was going on."If you shoot him now he won't be able to stop you later. At the very least break his legs.""I was just going to say that! Break his legs if you don't want to kill him, or duct tape him to the ceiling or throw him in some sort of cell. Don't just keep him tied up like that!""Both of you horses are psychopaths," you said. "Also, shut your gabbers and just watch the movie.""But the movie's dumb, Anon," Starlight said. "I liked that other movie we watched last time better.""Well tough titties. I picked this one and we're watching it," you said as you flicked the unicorn's ears.Starlight's ears flicked back and forth as she looked up at you, face scrunched up. "I think we should watch something else.""Trixie thinks we should wait until that hyoo-man female finally gets the teats to mare the fuck up and stop letting the stallions get away with this," Trixie said through a mouthful of popcorn. "Then we can turn the movie off."You were about to tell the two you weren't stopping this movie, especially since it was more than halfway over already, when you heard a pop. A green light flashed above you, and you were able to look up just in time for a scroll to smack you on the head. It bopped off your nose, and would have fallen to the floor if Starlight hadn't caught it with her magic."What's this?" she asked."A scroll," Trixie automatically replied, not taking her eyes off your TV screen.Starlight, frowning, smacked the unicorn on the top of the head with the scroll before levitating it into your hand.You turned it over in your hand, seeing what looked like one of those wax seals. "Look at that," you said, showing it to Starlight.The mare picked her head up, brow furrowing. "That's Twilight's seal," she said. "I wonder why she sent you a letter? She could have just given me a message..."Trixie pushed her wizard's hat away, reaching for her drink. "It might have something to do with her catching Anon and Trixie fucking in the street."Before she could take a sip of her drink, you reached over and placed a hand over the top of it, taking it out of her magical aura and sitting it back down onto the table. "She did what now?" Trixie's ears perked up as she looked at you. Her expression was one of innocent confusion, like she hadn't just dropped a bombshell out of nowhere."What?" she asked."The fuck you mean what?" you asked. "Wadda mean she was watching us fucking in the street?!""She caught us when Trixie was trying to make you cum as far as you could, remember?" the unicorn said. "When you left, Twilight gave Trixie a very stern talking to. She seemed upset.""And you decided to tell us now?" Starlight asked, looking worried as she sat up."Trixie was GOING to," the unicorn said. "She just... forgot.""How in the hay do you forget something like that?""Trixie is a magician, not somepony with a photographic memory, Starlight."You shushed both mares before they could break out into a proper argument, staring down at the scroll in your hands. A couple thoughts passed through your mind, some of them pretty worrying. Having some random pony seeing you and Trixie fooling around was one thing, but this was a different beast entirely.Princess Twilight had a lot more power than most ponies realized. It was because of her you were even able to move into Equestria. If she wanted, she could no doubt send you right back home without so much as batting an eyelash. Or worse.Swallowing the lump that was forming in your throat, you popped the seal and unrolled the scroll. You recognized the princess's small, neat hoofwriting as you began to read. The letter was short and relatively sweet. You weren't being banished or thrown in horse jail, thankfully, but the princess did want you to come to her castle to talk.Relief immediately filled you, and you released the breath you hadn't realized you had been holding."Is it bad?" Starlight asked, nudging your elbow with her snout."No. Thank god," you said, rolling the scroll up and tossing it onto your coffee table. "She just wants me to go to the castle.""See? There's nothing to worry about," Trixie said with a wave of her hoof. "You'll probably just get yelled at like Trixie did, maybe a fine and some community service."She tried to use her magic to pick up her drink from the table, only for Starlight to snatch it and set it back down."When do you need to go?" she asked, ignoring Trixie's irritated huff"The letter said immediately, so I guess I'm going now," you said, nudging both mares. "Come on, let me up."After a few more nudges, both of the unicorns got out of your lap, allowing you to get to your feet. As much as you weren't looking forward to this—at best it'd be awkward, at worst you'd probably feel like a little kid once this was all over—it was probably a good idea to just take your lumps and move on with your life. Maybe Princess Twilight would just chew you out and not give you any sort of punishment?You made your way over toward your front door, putting on your shoes. It might have been a good idea to dress up a bit before going to meet a princess, but she wanted you there ASAP; and besides, she'd probably be naked anyway, so no matter what you wore you'd be more dressed up than her."Well, wish me luck," you said, reaching for the doorknob. "I don't know how long till I'll be back. When you're done with the movie clean everything up. Do the dishes, and for the love of god use the sweeper.""The sweeper scares Trixie," Trixie said. "It's too loud and tries to rip her tail out whenever she tries to use it. That thing is an evil device.""Don't care. Sweep. Make Starlight do it if you're too much of a scaredy cat."The mare began to retort, but you were already out the door before she could finish. As much as you would have liked to tease the mare about her last run-in with your Dyson, you wanted to get this whole mess over as soon as you could.The walk to the castle was a pretty quick one. Most ponies were inside, either eating dinner or getting ready for bed. In no time at all you were standing at the front door of the castle.You attempted to knock, only for the door to open before your knuckles could touch the strange crystal material. The door didn't creak, but you could still feel the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end."...Oh no. This is just like some shitty horror movie," you muttered to yourself, poking your head inside.Thankfully, the castle seemed well-lit, and there were no angry alicorns or worse things waiting for you.You stepped inside, closing the door behind you."Twilight? Spike? Anyone here?" you called. The only reply was your voice echoing against the walls. Twilight's letter said that she wanted you to meet her in the throne room. You had been there only once before, on the day you had come to Ponyville in fact. Twilight had wanted to greet you officially. That had been a heartwarming, private affair. You had a feeling this wouldn't be like that time.The castle was a lot larger on the inside, with a confusing, twisted layout, but you still remember your way well enough to get there with only one or two wrong turns. And there it was: the throne room.It's doors were wide open, and it's room was lit by the same bright magical light that illuminated the rest of the castle. The weird crystal table in the center of the room, usually showing a layout of Equestria, seemed turned off and, sitting on her throne, her head held high and an eyebrow raised, was Princess Twilight Sparkle.You had been wrong in your assessment that the alicorn would be naked. She wore her crown on her head—something that you only see her wear during very important public ceremonies—and a pair of thigh-highs. They were a deeper shade of purple that her coat, hugging her back legs and thighs, so her cutiemarks were just visible, with a nice, tasteful frill on the ends. Her tail was also wrapped from the dock to the first few inches of her tail. You had no idea why she would be wearing thigh-high of all things, or would be wrapping her tail like that, but you weren't given much time to think on it as the princess loudly cleared her throat."Anonymous," Twilight said, her voice booming and stern.You jumped, not realizing that you were gawking. "Yeah? Yes? Hello, there, Twi—""Your Highness," she immediately correct.Your stomach tightened as she rose out of her throne, hopping out of it and leisurely making her way toward you. There was a sway in her step, which caused her rump to shift from side to side with an enticing wiggle.There were a lot of great asses in Ponyville—and you weren't talking about the donkey variety—and Twilight had one of them. The mare had a butt you could bounce a bit off of.Usually you'd be able to keep your eyes to yourself, but the thigh-highs and your nervousness were getting to you. "I... sorry, your highness," you said with a bow.Twilight let out a "harrumph". "I asked you here to speak with you about something very important," she said.You heard the twinkle of magic, which was followed by the big throne doors closing behind you. You dryly swallowed. "Yeah. I know. Trixie kinda filled me in on why you're upset."An invisible force grabbed your chin and gently, but firmly, tilted your head upward so that you were looking at the alicorn. Twilight's stern, royal expression had softened somewhat, though she still looked less than pleased."I'm not upset with you, Anon. I'm disappointed," she said. "What you and Trixie did was absolutely irresponsible. Forgetting the fact that it's illegal to do those kinds of things in public, what if a foal saw the two of you going at it? How do you think their parents would feel? How do you think the foal itself would feel? What about somepony who might have just wanted to go for a walk and turned the wrong corner?""I..."Twilight shook her head as she began to slowly circle you."Ponyville is a quiet town, Anon. Other than a mishap or two, it's a very peaceful and pleasant town as well. The sort of things that you and Trixie did not only can give the town a bad reputation, but it can make ponies feel unsafe. If a mare and stallion fool around in public then it's possible that other more serious crimes can be happening that they don't know about. Ponies can feel unsafe, or even scared because you two couldn't wait until you were in a more private place."You kept your gaze glued to the ground, feeling like absolute dirt. "You're right, Twilight," you said. "I messed up. We shouldn't have done what we did. I'm sorry; I mean it."Behind you, Twilight let out a sigh. "I believe you, Anon," she said, giving your shoulder a pat with the tip of her wing. "You're a good stallion at heart, and the work you've helped do here will benefit the town for generations."Out of the corner of your eye, you could see Twilight to your left as she slowly walked to your front. Something touched your right side, right above your hip. It was feather-light, but you swore you felt it."To be honest, I can't really blame you," the alicorn continued, looking up at the ceiling. "I've read how you hyoo-men males are. Full of hormones, eager, a little too honest for your good at times. You're more like our stallions than you know really. All you need is a tail tickling your nose and you can't help yourselves."Another touch, this time on your thigh. You looked down just in time to see a purple aura moving toward the knot that was holding your pajama bottoms up before it disappeared."This is more Trixie's fault than yours really, though I can understand why she took such a... drastic step. Even the best of mares would have a hard time keeping their hooves to themselves when there's a cute, exotic male running around like yourself."Twilight's circle around you grew tighter and tighter until she was just inches from you. You felt her wing brush against your back, then her side brushing against your lower body. Your hands opened and closed, eyes once again wandering toward her backside."It doesn't help that you colts are as horny as a filly that just got her cutiemark," Twilight said, her tail swatting your ass. "I've heard some stories. You'd think there would be some reservation in trying to fool around with another species, but you hyoo-mans seem more than eager."The alicorn tightened her circling even more so that she was constantly rubbing herself against you. You could hear her sniffing the air as her groping became more flagrant and aggressive."I'm sure if I let you, you'd have your pants down for every single mare in town and beyond."You reached out to squeeze the mare's ass. She let out a giggle, swatting your hand with her tail."I don't think your lack of control is totally your fault. You just need somepony to help expend all that extra energy you have."Twilight was suddenly standing on her back legs, using your shoulders to support herself as she gave you a look that was nothing less that smoldering and sexy in equal parts."You need a mare to lay down the law. Give you a good, hard fucking every night. Isn't that right, Anon?"She leaned forward, pressing her nose against yours before pulling back. Her wings unfurled, hovering around you so that your whole world was now purple ."You need a big, strong mare to make an honest, upstanding stallion out of you," she said. "Trixie doesn't seem to know how to go about this, and my student seems just as ignorant. I'm sure I can do just a little bit better though."Twilight nuzzled your cheek, her tongue slipping out of her mouth to drag across your neck. Not able to help yourself, you reached down and gave her ass a squeeze.Your fingers dug into her coat. Her rump had a wonderful heft to it. A nice layer of muscle topped with enough chub that she'd put most earth ponies to shame.Twilight let out a growl as your thumb traced circles against her cutiemarks. She pressed herself against you, wings flapping, filling the air with a sharp, sweet lavender scent. The tip of her horn glowed as she leaned in to kiss you.. Not an aggressive, dominating kiss that Trixie preferred, but sort of like how Starlight liked to kiss. It was eager and enthusiastic, but a bit clumsy and with absolutely no tongue.Your hands left her rump, slowly making their way up her back. Twilight tensed as she felt your hands slide up her sides. When your hands found their way to the base of her wings her eyes went huge, quickly becoming unfocused as you began to massage the space where back met joint. The mare leaned against you, deepening the kiss as the tip of her horn glowed.Her magic undid the knot holding up your pants, and a savage yank had them down around your ankles. Twilight's crown fell from her head as she flapped her wings again, moaning into your mouth. It hit the ground with a clang, rolling underneath the weird crystal table as the mare began stroking your hardening cock through your boxers with a hoof.Panting, Twilight broke the kiss. "I'm going to fuck you STUPID," she growled, horn glowing.There was a spark of light and the sensation of weightlessness for a half-second, which was followed by your ears popping. A quick glance around showed you that you were no longer in the throne room, but what looked like a bedroom. That quick glance was all you got before the alicorn was once again kissing you.She forced you backwards, step by step, until the back of your calves hit something. A shove forced you off your feet, where you thankfully fell back onto a bed. Twilight was immediately on top of you, straddling your waist.She started grinding herself against your cock. The mare was soaked, and even hotter than Trixie, and your boxers were quickly soaked in her excitement. Twilight didn't seem in a hurry to rip your underwear off. Her hooves and her wings ran up and down your body, touching every inch of you while she licked and kissed at your chin and throat.Your hands were no less adventurous. You, of course, played with her rump and wings, enjoying the way she squirmed on top of you and tried her hardest not to make any noise, but you also stroked her back and neck. Her face went cherry red when you grabbed one of her hooves and started kissing the frog, and her wings flapped when you started playing with the dock of her tail. You could feel her heart pounding in her chest, and her eyes were starting to become a little wild."Alright! Enough of this," she said, horn glowing. "Time to show you who's boss!"Her magic grabbed your cock, pulling it out of the slit in your underwear to slap one of her teats. Twilight twitched as her marehood winked, her back legs squeezing your sides as she bit her lower lip. Her eyes snapped shut, wings fully extending. She stayed like that for a good minute, just breathing hard, before she was able to crack open an eye."S-Say you want it," she said. You smiled, placing your hands on her hips. "Please?"A purple aura formed around the base of your cock. Twilight took a few deep breaths, lifting her hips. Your cockhead was pressed against her marehood, which was followed by a few more deep breaths. Twilight lowered herself, eyes shut tight.Her lips parted, there was some resistance. Grunting, the alicorn forced your tip inside with a downward wiggle.Your breath caught in your throat. The mare's insides were like a furnace.Your cock throbbed as she lowered herself a bit more, making you squirm.She felt good. Really, really good.This almost felt like that spell that Starlight had used on you, but not as completely overwhelming. That ungodly pleasure as still there though. Better than any mouth, toy, or pussy that you had ever experienced. It was hard to think, and increasingly harder to breathe the lower she went.Your fingers dug into the mare's fur as she took more and more of your cock. By the time she had hilted you, your face was covered in sweat and you could feel your cock leaking pre.Twilight opened her eyes. Seeing your expression, she looked confused . She stared at you for several seconds, before she connected the dots. A great big smile came to her face as she leaned back, forcing your cock a little deeper inside of her."Does that feel good?" she asked with a wiggle. Not trusting your voice, you just nodded.The mare lifted her hips before slamming herself down. Her inside clenched down on you hard. Hips bucking, you let out a moan.Twilight chuckled breathlessly. Placing her hooves against your chest, she began to slowly ride you. Up and went until just your tip was inside of her, then she once again lowered herself. Each inch of your cock was squeezed, massaged, teased. When she hilted you the mare would roll her hips, letting out a happy hum.You could feel yourself shaking, hands trying to push her up and down faster as you felt an orgasm quickly building up. There wasn't even anyway to fight it either. You could feel it building up, making your toes curl and your back arched . You might have felt embarrassed, if it didn't feel so good."You like this alicorn pussy, you dirty little colt?" Twilight asked. She dragged the tip of her wing across your face. Your breathing hitched as you felt yourself twitching inside of the mare. Your hips began thrusting, lifting yourself in time with Twilight's descent."Y-Yeah..." you managed to wheeze out.Twilight lifted herself upward, allowing your cock to slip out of her. Your dick was harder that you had ever seen it, your tip almost a purplish color. You swore you could see the blood pulsing in it as Twilight let out another giggle. She grabbed it with her magic, slapping it against both of her teats. As the wet, meaty smacks filled the air, your cock twitched, firing a spurt of pre onto her lower belly."Oh no you don't," the mare said. "Can't letting you empty those balls in the cold, open air. Here, let's fix that~"In one smooth motion, Twilight once again had you inside of her and hilted. Leaning forward, she lifted her fat rump, slapping it against your waist, once, twice, and for a third time. You could feel your nuts clench. Tensing, you found yourself sitting up, hands blindingly flailing as the pleasure became too much. Hugging the mare tight, you buried your face into her neck as you let out a scream, firing rope after rope of cum into her.You could feel yourself becoming light-headed, stars exploding across your vision as you humped into the alicorn. Her insides continued to squeeze and massage, draining what was easily the longest orgasm that you had ever experienced in your entire life.Twilight let out a moan, wrapping her wings around you as your entire body shook. "T-That's right. Try to knock your r-ruler up, you little slut~," she murmured in your ear.You didn't stop cumming until you felt cum spurting out from around your cock, and even then you found that you couldn't go soft.Twilight grabbed your face, pulling you into a kiss. This time you felt her tongue slip into your mouth. You tried to respond aggressively, but you were still too dazed to put up a proper fight. The mare toyed with your tongue, ran her tongue over your teeth, a shiver running through her as it dragged over your canines. Only when your chest was aching from lack of oxygen did she pull away with a gasp."Don't think we're anywhere close to done, stud," she said, wiping the saliva from her mouth with the back of her hoof. "I said I was going to fuck you stupid—"She raised herself up, slamming herself back down. You bit your lip, tensing up from pleasure. You tried to lean away, but Twilight's wings kept you close against her."—and I'm not a mare to go back on my word."Everything after that was a blur. One moment you had the mare on her back, both hands playing with her wings while you fucked her hard, the next she was jerking you off with both hooves until you exploded all over her face while you sucked on her teats.You couldn't help yourself; it was almost as if the alicorn had put a spell on you. Her whole body seemed to be made to get you off. No matter how many times you came you'd be ready to go in no time at all. The two of you went at it like animals, even leaving the bed at one point to go at it on the floor.That was where you found yourself now, one hand on the mare's lower back and the other near her face. Twilight had her rump in the air and her cheek pressed against the carpet as you slammed into her. She had two of your fingers in her mouth, a hazy, far-off look in her eyes as she gently sucked on them in between moaning. The mare was covered in cum, from her tail to her wings. Her marehood was a mess, each pump of your cock sending more and more spunk onto the floor.The dull ache that had been beginning to build up in your body was starting to become a noticeable pain. The air was so thick with the scent of sweat and sex that you hardly breathe. You were breathing hard, never quite able to catch your breath, and it felt like your nuts were about to fall off.Just one more. All you wanted was one more.Your hand stopped fondling the mare's rump wrapping around her belly. Still thrusting, you lifted her front half up. Twilight let out a startled groan, her wings weakly slapping against your arms as you pressed her back against your chest.There were hickeys and bite marks all across her neck. You added to these by biting down on her shoulder as hard as you could. Twilight's marehood squeezed your cock hard as she let out a cry, pressing her rump against you.You came again, though no sperm came out. You had been dry-firing for the last couple of rounds, not that you cared. She was already filled to bursting.A smile came to your face as that orgasmic tingle filled your body before you went limp.~_~_~_~_~_~Be Twilight.You could feel Anon's cock twitching inside of you as the colt came again, though you didn't feel any cum filling you up, as had happened the last few times that he had orgasmed. He made a strained, quiet noise before going limp against your back, forcing you to catch yourself from falling muzzle first onto your bed. Your legs were shaking as you desperately tried to catch your breath."A... Anon?" you asked, looking over your shoulderSilence greeted you. You perked your ears up, worry welling up in your stomach. Thankfully that was alleviated when you heard snoring.It took a few moments, but you eventually realized what had happened. Anon had rutted himself into unconsciousness.A giggle escaped you at the thought, which quickly turned into a laugh. You had heard that alicorns had heavenly bodies, much different from a normal pony's, and that seemed to be true. A normal pony might not have taken a sex marathon as well as you, though, to be fair, Anon might not have been so fiesty if you weren't a living goddess.Your horn sparked to life as you cast a spell on yourself. Your exhaustion, aches, and pains all went away, leaving you alert and energized. With another spell, you carefully lifted the sleeping hyoo-man off of your back, placing him in a comfortable position onto your bed.You took a deep breath, savoring the reek of sex in the air. A pride and excitement filled you. With a little hop, you trotted to your personal bathroom so that you could look at yourself in your mirror.Even with your spell, your legs were wobbly, so you had to take the trip across your bedroom one step at a time. You'd no doubt be feeling the aftermath of all of this for the next week. That didn't keep the smile from your face as you stepped into your bathroom and flipped on the light.Your fur was a mess, as was your mane and tail. Your wings were in dire need of a preening, feathers sticking out each and every way and covered in cum. Bitemarks covered your neck, already forming bruises. There was spit all over your face, and you could see cum dripping from your marehood from between your legs.You hopped in place, pumping a hoof into the air. You had finally done it.With the help of this hyoo-man—with Trixie's blessing of course—you had gotten rid of something that had been vexing you since you had gotten your cutiemark. Something that no spell, no lesson, no toy could free you from. Your motherfucking V-card.Puffing your cum-stained chest out, you took a step toward your mirror. "Who's gay now, mom?"You slammed back another shot of whiskey. "Keep 'em coming, Berry," you say to the barmare. "And a pint of Shetland stout," you add, watching her pour drinks number four and five. You quickly suck down the next shot, before grabbing the beer and taking a hungry sip to wash down the burn of the whiskey.The door to the bar swung open to reveal a relieved Lyra Heartstrings and her girlfriend, Bon Bon. "There you are!" the little, green unicorn exclaimed, scampering over to the available bar stool next to you, with Bon Bon following close behind, albeit at a more polite pace. "We were so worried! When the Princess said you wouldn't be coming back to work for the rest of the day we assumed the worst! And then, we couldn't find you at Twilight's castle, so we looked all over Ponyville for you!" "Lyra, calm down," Bon Bon said, pushing a shot of tequila in front of her lover and a glass of water to you. "He's probably having a rough day. So, want to talk about what happened?"You sighed, taking a sip of water. "It's hopeless," you muttered. "The team of scientists and magicians she had working on my case said that the unpredictability of Everfree magic makes it hard to pinpoint just how I ended up here and even more difficult to track the exact universe I am from. Apparently, even the most insignificant of details, like slight differences in temperature, one different word in a book, or even what some random person ate for breakfast could mean that I end up in a world that is geographically the same, but with insane differences in culture. Not that they can even glimpse the alternate realities. In other words, they can't figure out how to send me to a different world and even if they could the risk would be too great.""You poor baby," Lyra whimpered, wrapping you in a warm hug, while Bon Bon rubbed your shoulder comfortingly.It had been two years since you had popped into the sky above the Everfree Forest, falling through the branches before landing in the soft mud. You had wandered for a full day before being found by a platoon of guards patrolling the outskirts of the Everfree. They had taken you to the nearby town of Ponyville. There, you had met Princess Twilight Sparkle, who then introduced you to the rest of the Princesses of Equestria, and work to figure out a way to send you back home had commenced.It had been rough, at first. Apart from the princesses and those who were close to them, most ponies did their best to avoid you, and when contact was unavoidable, many seemed to be afraid of this strange, new creature. Twilight would later tell you this wasn't the first time the town had reacted this way to someone, recalling the time when they first encountered a zebra named Zecora, who would eventually become one of your good friends. But all that changed when you met the two mares currently listening to your woes.Lyra had pretty much become your best friend, immediately. She's the one who convinced her marefriend, Bon Bon, to give you a job working at her candy store, due mostly to her obsession with you being an unknown species. From then on, you had lived a somewhat normal life, apart from being the only of a species who would frequently spend time with the royal family."So what do you plan to do, now?" the unicorn asked."Now," you said, setting the water down and returning to your beer. "I get shitfaced drunk and forget everything that has happened, today.""Oh no, you aren't!" Bon Bon scolded, like she was your mother. She quickly swiped the pint from your hands and poured it into a nearby potted plant. "Alcohol is not going to solve your problems! You need to deal with your feelings in a safe, healthy manner."You snorted. "What, like therapy?""Yes," Bon Bon said. "As your boss, I am ordering you to take a week's paid vacation and see a therapist.""And what if I don't want to and just show up to work tomorrow morning?" You retorted."I won't let you work," the cream colored mare smirked. "Do this, or you're fired."You laughed. "We both know you won't fucking fire me, candy butt! I'm a minor celebrity! I bring you far too much business.""Try me.""Woah! Easy there, you two!" Lyra interrupted. "Let's not say things we don't mean.""You're right, you're right," you sigh. "So, you really think I should see a therapist?""Yes!" both ponies exclaimed."Besides," Lyra said. "Maybe you could also spend this week trying to get yourself a nice mare like me and Bonnie have been telling you to. It's not like you can use the excuse of not staying here, anymore."You grimace. "I don't know about all that.""It doesn't have to be a filly," the mint mare continued. "You can always find yourself a handsome stallion. Or, if you insist that you don't like stallions, there's always griffons, dragons, zebras, diamond dogs, hippogryphs, yaks, minotaurs, oh, and changelings can be whatever you want, so you can try all of the flavors of Eques-""I get the point, Lyra," you interrupted. "I just... I just don't know if I can get past the whole species difference, especially since you're all so similar to animals where I'm from.""That's the kinky part," Lyra giggled. "Don't tell me you never got a flash of what was under some creature's tail and thought 'man, I wonder what that feels like?', and then thought about it later when you were alone?""Lyra, that's absolutely disgusting," Bon Bon said, thumping the unicorn on the back of the head. "Can we go somewhere without you saying or doing something embarrassing, just once?""Ow! Jeez, I was just kidding!"The more sensible of the two mares shook her head, sighing. "Anyway, maybe that's something you can discuss with the doctor," Bon Bon said. She reached for a napkin and quickly wrote something on it. "This is who I would recommend to see. She's great, and even helped me through some rough patches I had with my family."You take the napkin and look at the name and address of who this "amazing" therapist was."You have got to be fucking kidding me."Based on your past interactions with Tree Hugger, you had expected a therapy session with the mare to involve a bong and some cheese puffs. But, you were pleasantly surprised to be sitting in a rather normal looking therapist's office. Instead of bean bag chairs and blacklight posters, there was a comfortable chaise lounge that you were currently laying on, while Tree Hugger sat in a rather professional looking armchair. The stereo wasn't playing some Prog Rock band warbling about aliens and rainbows made of candy, but a soft piano and harp gently filled the silence,  while a miniature waterfall provided a serene, natural background noise. A plate of small cookies sat on the coffee table where you had expected potato chips. Hell, even the subtle aroma of refer that usually enveloped the mare was absent. All things considered, you had expected this to be Miss Harshwhinny's office, not the local stoner's."So, I heard Princess Celestia paid you a visit, yesterday. You wanna talk about that?" The redhead asked in a monotone, relaxed voice."Well, as I'm sure you know, I'm from a completely different world," you said. Tree Hugger nodded, reaching for a notepad and a pencil. "Well, she had a group of scientists researching ways to send me back, and, well, after two years they have decided that it would be nearly impossible to safely deliver me home, assuming that they could find the right universe from an infinite number.""You must be upset by this recent revelation," she replied, scribbling down a few notes."No fucking shit, I'm upset!" You snapped, before thinking. "Sorry. I haven't exactly been taking it well. As soon as I heard the news, I went to the bar and tried to drown myself in whiskey and beer.""Substance abuse is not a healthy way to deal with stress," she said, scratching another note. "I know that I have a bit of a reputation for my herbal habits, but even I know when it isn't a good time to use it," she said. "Why don't you tell me about some of the other activities you do in your spare time?"You thought about it for a second. "Well, I visit Twilight at least once a week to borrow a book. She's had me reading some of the classics that I would have read in school, if I had grown up here, and teaching me about the historical events behind them. Every couple of months, Princess Celestia pays for me to go on a trip to explore the different cultures this world has to offer. Every so often I meet up with Big Mac and Caramel to have a few drinks and play cards. Oh, and hang out with Lyra and Bon Bon all the time, doing whatever comes to mind.""How's your sex life?" Hugger asks, displaying no emotion other than professional interest."My what?" You exclaim, nearly falling off the couch."Your sex life," she repeats, taking a note of your reaction. "During sexual activity, your brain releases dopamine, which gives you a euphoric feeling, and decreases stress level. Would you say you are getting sexual satisfaction on a regular basis?""Well, no, not really. I mean, back home I used have sex at a fairly average rate, and I'd masturbate at least once a day, but I haven't done either of those in a long time.""Is there any particular reason for that?" the calm mare inquired."Well, there's no humans here, so sex is definitely out of the question. Sorry, but you ponies are way too similar to animals from back home. And all of your porn is of ponies or something else that isn't human.""I see," Tree Hugger says, jotting down another note before setting the pencil and paper aside. "What I would recommend you do when you leave, is stop by Ponyville's adult store and pick up some pornography. Get something similar to what you would look at before coming here and try to see ponies as sexual creatures. See me, again, in a week we can discuss whether or not that is helpful to your mental well being.""If you say so..."...A porn shop was not a place you wanted to be seen, and being a one of a kind ape that stood twice as tall as the average pony only made that more difficult. To make things worse, you had thought you saw Cheerilee while you were in there, but she seemed like she was also trying to avoid eye contact with anypony. You had picked up a few magazines that were as close to what you used to spank it to as you could find, and gotten the hell out of there as quickly as you could. You were now carrying a discrete, brown bag full of MILFs, lesbians, and students who would do anything to change that F into an A (even if it meant getting F'd in the A).You were just approaching the door to Twilight's castle (which, due to recent events, you were now making plans to move out of), and thought you had made it home, safely, without anypony stopping you and asking "what's in the bag?"."Surprise!" Shit. You had opened the front door to discover the Elements of Harmony, Spike, Starlight Glimmer, Trixie, Big Mac, Caramel, Discord, Lyra, and Bon Bon. Oh, fuck, the Cutie Mark Crusaders were also here! And you had a stack of dirty magazines with you! You were holding porn and standing ten feet away from a trio of adorable, innocent, and impressionable kids.Just act natural."Aw, thanks, guys!" You said, trying to give a genuine smile, and not act like you were carrying anything suspicious. "What's the occasion?""Well, we heard about what happened," Applejack said."And we thought a "Sorry-You're-Staying-Here-Forever-And-Never-Seeing-Another-Human-Thingie-Ever-Again" party would help make you feel better!" Pinkie Pie shouted."Aw, you shouldn't have," you said, sweating bullets. "I'm just going to run this up to my room, real quick, and be right back down.""Whatcha got there, anyway, Anon?" Rainbow Dash asked, swooping down to try and peak into the bag."Oh, just some reading material the therapist recommended.""Really!?" Twilight's eyes lit up. "Oh, what did they recommend? I'm sure I have some other resources in my library that would be supplementary to what they assigned!"I really don't want to know what kind of porn you're into, Twilight, you thought. "I-it's nothing. It's actually kind of embarrassing.""Oh, there's nothing to be ashamed of," Twilight continued, using her magic to try and pull the bag from your tight grip. "There's nothing wrong with trying to improve your mental health.""Really, I'd much rather not think about this stuff, right now," you protested, trying to keep the magazines firmly in your grasp."Come on," Twilight whined. "We just want to help- WOAH!" she said, tugging slightly too hard and losing focus. The bag flew from your hands, spilling its contents all over the floor. Perverted ponies in provocative poses scattered across the floor for all of your friends to see. Everyone stared at them, eyes wide open, jaws hanging in surprise. You wouldn't be surprised if half of them weren't interested in talking to you, ever again."We... we'll just let you take those upstairs and forget we ever saw that you're into... that stuff..." Starlight said. A chorus of agreement followed.You breathed a sigh of relief as you bent down to collect your smut. You quickly scampered up the stairs to stash these somewhere Spike would never find them."Hey, Rarity, mom was on the cover of one of those magazines!""You guys sure it's all right?" You ask, setting down the last box in your new room."If it wasn't, we wouldn't have offered," Bon Bon said from the doorway. "We had an extra room and didn't know what to do with it-""That's not true," Lyra interrupted. "I totally had a plan for it.""For the last time," Bon Bon grumbled, pinching the bridge of her nose. "We are not filling this room with hamster wheels and using rodents to generate power to the rest of our home. Do you have any idea how bad that would smell? Not to mention, Fluttershy would never supply us with a large amount of hamsters if she knew we were going to use them as slaves." She sighed before continuing. "As I was saying, we had an extra room, and we figured that, since you were finally going to stop freeloading off the princess, we might as well let you stay with us. Besides, it'll make rent just a bit cheaper.""Well, I really appreciate it," you said, sitting down on your bed. "I guess now I can finally start calling Equestria my home.""Speaking of which," Lyra said, levitating over a large box. "A few days ago, we were going through some of our old stuff, deciding what to get rid of, and we figured that you might have some use for them. Consider them house warming gifts.""So, you're giving me some of your old junk?" You ask, laughing."We prefer to call them 'lost treasures', Bon Bon chuckled, climbing up onto the bed next to you. She looked at you, expectantly."What?" you asked."Well, since you're starting to come around to the idea of fully integrating into pony society, and your therapist is helping you develop an attraction to ponies, we were maybe wondering if you had given some thought to getting into the dating scene?" she asked, trying her best to look innocent.You thought about it. Tree Hugger's "treatment" was actually helping you, a bit. You really were starting to realize that the ponies of this world looked nothing like the ones you had spent most of your life sharing a planet with, and these ones really did have some attractive qualities to them. Sure, looking at pictures of pony cooch was still a bit weird, but you were making some progress."Well... I guess it couldn't hurt to go on at least one date..." you said."Great!" Lyra exclaimed, bouncing up and down. "Because, we kind of organized this thing over at Sugarcube Corner, and it starts in an hour, so go get showered so we can head over there.""What?"..."Lyra, what the hell is this?" You asked, upon arriving at the bakery. There was a small booth reserved for you in a darkened corner of the room, lit only by candles. But that wasn't the concerning part. What was cornering was the massive line of ponies waiting by it, many of whom were holding boxes of candy, bouquets of flowers, and a bold few had the audacity to be holding rolls of condoms in their teeth while giving you bedroom eyes."Well, you are quite the popular stallion," the mint unicorn replied, trying not to look like she had gone overboard. "So, I informed everypony who I knew was curious as to what you hide in your pants.""Yay! You're finally here!" Pinkie Pie cheered, leaping over the counter. "Are you ready to meet the love of your life?""God dammit," you muttered. "Are you also going to try to woo me, Pinkie?""What? No!" she said, giving you a playful shove. "You may be by Number One Bestest Human Friend, but that's all you'll ever be to me (though, I wouldn't say no to adding a few more benefits to that), but that's not what tonight's about. Tonight, you are going to try speed dating, and the Cakes only said I could host it, here, if I capitalized on it!" She pointed to a massive mountain of cupcakes perched on top of the counter. A sign hanging from the ceiling read "TONIGHT'S SPECIAL: WHISKEY AND CHOCOLATE REJECTION CUPCAKES! 5 BITS EACH.""Whatever," you sighed. "Let's just get this started....Fluttershy was up first. She didn't say anything as she sat down across from you and attempted to hide behind her mane."So, uh, Fluttershy..." you begin, awkwardly. "How are you doing this evening?"She mumbled something from behind the cascade of pink."That's, uh, good to hear?" You replied, unsure of how to respond. "So, I'm guessing you're interested in me?"More mumbling."So, uh, what kind of things do you like to do, besides taking care of animals?"She was silent for a moment. Then, the mass of pink and yellow began to tremble."I can't do this!" she yelled, before bolting out the door."Wow! That's the loudest I've ever heard her speak, before!" Lyra, remarked, watching Fluttershy take off down the street."I'm going to make sure she's okay," Bon Bon said, rushing after the timid pegasus....Miss Harshwinny shook your hand before sharply taking her seat across from you. She was wearing a nicer blazer than usual as well as a tie. She pushed a piece of paper towards you."What's this?" you asked, looking over it. Names of various stallions, mares, and the occasional griffon were listed, as well as dates and contact information."That is a comprehensive list of my dating history," Harshwhinny replied in a professional tone."So, a resume?" you replied, raising an eyebrow."I suppose you could call it that," the blonde mare replied.Was... was she treating this like a job interview? The mare always did everything with the most professional of attitudes, but this seemed a little extreme."I'm sorry, Miss Harshwhinny, but I don't think, you're a right fit for... this.""Very well," she said, rising from her seat. "Thank you for this opportunity." She shook your hand one last time, before tucking her dating resume back into her saddlebags and walking away."What the fuck just happened?" You, Lyra, and Bon Bon asked in unison....Caramel sat down across from you. "H-hey, hot stuff," he said, trying and failing to sound like a sexy douchebag.You took a deep breath. This was about to get awkward."Caramel," you said, establishing a firm eye contact with him. "I like you and all, but I'm not gay."Oh..." he said, dejectedly, looking down at the floor. He slowly got up and left.You turned to Lyra. "Please, go through the line and tell any guys waiting their turn that I'm not interested.""Yeah, I probably should have known better," she said, trotting over to the crowd....Rainbow Dash swooped down into the seat across from you, coolly laying a foreleg over the back of the booth. "Sup," she greeted, giving you a casual bro-nod."Hey, Dash," you said, smiling at the coolest dude in Ponyville. "Didn't think you'd come out to something as lame as speed dating.""Pfft," Rainbow dismissed with a wave of her hoof. "I'm not here for that.""You're not?" You asked. "Then, why did you wait in line and take a turn?""I'm just gonna cut to the chase," she replied, sitting up a little straighter. "You are one of the hottest, most desirable stallions in Equestria. I am one of the sexiest, awesomest, most desirable mares in Equestria. But, we're both too busy and cool to be tied down with something like a serious relationship. So, what's say you and I go have a quickie in the bathroom, then arrange another time to do this, again?""I..." you pause, unsure of what to make of this. Should you take her up on the offer? What if one of you catches feelings? Would things go further? Would it hurt your friendship? Was this worth the risk? "I'm sorry, Dash," you said, making up your mind. "But that really isn't what I'm looking for.""Oh," she replied, dejectedly. She stood up and started walking away, before turning back around. "Just so you know," she continued. "In case you change your mind, you know where to find me," she replied with a smirk and a shake of her rump. And with a burst of color, she dashed out the door....Luna, Princess of the Night, sat before you. While you had spent time with her many times before, sharing meals, going for walks, and playing various games with her, you had never thought she was interested in you, romantically. To be honest, the idea was very intimidating. Were you even allowed to reject her, if you didn't think it would work out between you two? What would she do if you did? Oh God, what would Celestia do if you broke her sweet, sensitive, baby sister's heart?"So, Princess...""Please," she said, leaning closer. "Call me Luna. Though, I wouldn't mind being called 'Your Royal Sexiness' when we're alone, later tonight," she said, with a seductive chuckle. You could feel one of her back hooves rubbing up and down your leg, slowly and not-so subtly making it's way up to somewhere that would cause a media shitshow if word leaked to the press."So, Luna, why do you think we should date?""Because," she said, ceasing her teasing and sitting up to her full height. "I called dibs," she responded, proudly placing a regal hoof upon her chest."Um, don't take this the wrong way, but I kind of don't think I could handle the pressure of dating royalty," you said."What!?" she exclaimed, reeling back as if you had struck her and called her mother a dirty slut."Don't take this as a a definitive no," you continued, trying to do as much damage control as possible. "I mean, if I wasn't still trying to work out some personal issues, and had more time to think about this, I might take you up on your offer, but as of right now, I think it would be best if we stayed friends."I can't believe this!" the princess screamed, tears forming in her eyes. With a flap of her wings she flew out the door, taking the tower of booze-filled cupcakes with her, leaving behind a few dark feathers and a large satchel of money."Mrs. Cake, we're going to need more whiskey cupcakes!" Pinkie called into the kitchen....Thirty-seven. Lyra and Bon Bon had organized dating interviews with thrity-seven ponies, all of whom wanted a piece of that hot, human ass. Quite a few of them had suggested a quickie in the bathroom after you had rejected them, but you declined. For cute ponies in a friendship based society, a lot of them were absolute horndogs.You collapsed onto your bed. Between moving into a new place and meeting dozens of horny horses, you were exhausted. You noticed the box of hand-me-downs your new roommates had gifted you from the corner of your eye. Now was as good of a time as any to take a look at your new possessions before going to bed.Lifting one of the cardboard flaps, you began pulling out mystery knick knacks. First was a book on the Great Griffon-Unicorn Foodfight. Then, an Octavia Melody single on vinyl. A framed photo of Lyra that she had autographed. And a battered, dog-eared copy of "Bi-Curious Fillies Monthly". Used porn? Gross. This was definitely Lyra's old spank material, as Bon Bon was too mature to think a ten year old dirty magazine was an appropriate gift. Well, at least it wasn't sticky.You stared at the cover. A red pegasus playfully winked back at you while a panty-clad earth pony's face was buried in her crotch, preserving some modesty to the cover. Something stirred in your jeans. What the hell? Might as well rub one out real quick. You unzipped and opened to a random page. Before you even looked at whatever gross act was printed, something fell out of the periodical. You reached over and picked it up.In your hand was a stack of photographs. The one on top showed Lyra and Bon Bon looking seductively at the camera, faces pressed together, with Lyra's horn glowing, obviously operating the camera with her magic.What are you doing, man? You ask yourself. They clearly didn't mean to give you these. They are your friends and doing this is wrong.You flipped to the next picture. Same as before, except zoomed out. Lyra was wearing a pair of aqua blue and white striped panties with a matching set of socks, while Bon Bon was wearing the same thing, except in pink. The next picture showed the two of them locked in a sloppy kiss. You grasp your throbbing cock as you move on to the next photo. Lyra was using one of her front hooves to rub her marefriend's crotch. The earth pony had her eyes shut tight, her mouth open, letting out a moan lost to time.The next picture switched to Bon Bon's point of view, the mare clearly lying on her back. Lyra was smirking up at the camera, the fur on her face matted with fluids, while her horn glowed, playing with the pink clit below her nose.You rub faster, enraptured by the images you knew you weren't supposed to have, the guilt making it so much hotter. What would they think if they knew what you were doing? Would they kick you out? What would Twilight say when you came crawling back to her castle?You flip over to the next picture. Lyra was operating the camera again. She was standing on all fours, smiling, while Bonnie mounted her from behind. Black straps contrasted with her cream coat, supporting a fake phallus that was hidden from view. The next photo depicted Lyra taking it, a pleasured wince painted across her face.You beat your meat with reckless abandon. All thoughts about how this is wrong were pushed to the back of your mind as you ignored your conscience. For the first time since you got here you weren't thinking about the social taboos you had brought with you from the human world. You had never been more aroused on your life!The next few pictures were more of the same, with Lyra getting fucked from behind by Bon Bon, both in pure bliss. Finally, the scene changed, with Bon Bon having pulled out of the mint unicorn, proudly displaying the large, dripping wet dong while Lyra's eyes rolled into the back of her head in orgasmic ecstasy. How the fuck had she fit that things inside of her?You flipped to the final photo. The two mares were locked into an intense kiss around the sex toy, tasting the unicorn's love nectar."FUCK!" you shouted as you reached your climax. Your vision went white as you collapsed backwards. You felt light headed as you sprayed your seed across the room, making a mess with your shame. Your whole body twitched and spasmed for a full minute in agonizing ecstasy while your cock pumped its load, ruining your once clean shirt.Finally, everything died down, and you lay in a disgusting mess of your own cum and shame. You basked in the silence of the greatest fap you had ever had in your life, and in your post-orgasmic haze you realized something:You were a shitty fucking friend.You sat uncomfortably on the couch, trying to focus on your book. You didn't know which one you had grabbed off the shelf or what it was about. Your eyes scanned every word of every line, not quite taking anything in, before you flipped to the next page and repeated the process. Right now, you were trying to distract yourself from the memories of the shameful thing you did last night. It didn't help that Lyra was seated next to you playing her harp, while Bon Bon was five feet away, dusting a shelf."So, what did you want to do for lunch, Anon?" Lyra asked."Gah!" you screamed, throwing your book up into the air, accidentally hitting Bon Bon in the back of the head."Ow!" the cream colored mare moaned, rubbing the spot where the tome had made contact with her skull."Sorry, Bon Bon," you said, not meeting her angry gaze. "I guess I'm a little on edge, today.""I'll say," the earth pony whined, joining the two of you on the couch. "You wanna talk about it?""Not really," you muttered, trying to avoid looking at either of them. For some reason, they both felt uncomfortably close, as if they were leaning into you, intentionally violating your personal space."Come on!" Lyra said. "Wouldn't it be better if you talked about it?""It's sort of a guy problem," you muttered, staring at your feet."Guy problem?" Bon Bon inquired, dismissively. "We like to think you trust us better than that. You know we won't judge you for whatever your 'guy problem' is. Tell us, did one of those mares last night get a little too forward with you?""No!" you exclaimed. "It's nothing like that."Lyra put a comforting hoof on your knee. "Whatever it is, we're sure it's nothing we can't help you with. It's not like you found some private pictures of your friends and touched yourself while looking at them..."With that, you flung yourself off the couch, knocking the two ponies off of it in your mad scramble, and ran to your room, slamming the door behind you....You don't know how much time had passed. Since the encounter in the living room you had done nothing but sulk in your room, staring at the stack of wretched photographs, feeling absolutely sick. Just like that, you had ruined the best friendships you had in the magical horse world, perhaps your whole life. All because you were a disgusting pervert who had crossed a severe boundary.A gentle knock came from the door. "Anon..." you heard Bon Bon's voice call from the other side. "We promise we're not mad. Just let us in so we can talk."You stuff the damn pictures under your mattress, before walking over to the door. You open it a crack, just wide enough to see the reassuring smiles of the two ponies who mean the most to you in the world. Seeing their faces made you feel like such a piece of shit."Hey, buddy," Lyra said, softly. "You wanna talk about earlier? You kind of freaked out when I mentioned... that..."You opened the door wider, allowing them access to your personal space. The two of them took a seat on your bed, Bon Bon patting the space between them, inviting you to join them. You obliged, sighing as you sat down. A pair of hooves calmly caressed your back, putting you at ease."I, uh," you began, thinking of a way to phrase this without sounding like a total asshole. "Found a stack of pictures among the housewarming gifts you gave me.""What were they of?" Bon Bon asked, looking up at you.You gulped. "You two. Doing... stuff...""You're gonna have to be a bit more specific, Anon," Lyra said. "There's pictures of us doing lots of stuff. Going to the beach, opening Hearth's Warming gifts, feeding birds at the park, we take a lot of pictures.""You two were... doing things that I had no business seeing.""Oh," Bon Bon said. Neither of the hooves on your back retreated. The calming careesses continued. There was hope you could salvage your friendship and continue living with your two best friends in Equestria. "So, what did you think of them?""What?" You asked, dumbfounded."The pictures," Lyra said, picking up where Bonnie had left off. "Did you like them? Were they hot? Is Bon Bon overthinking just how big her delicious, candy butt is?""Uh," you started to sweat. How should you answer this? Admit to being a pervert? Tell them how you beat your dick so goddamn hard your left leg went completely numb? Lie? "Yeah, they were hot," you said, deciding on the truth."That's good to hear," Bon Bon said. She removed her hoof from your back, Lyra following her example. "We had hoped you would like them.""What?" you asked again."Do we have to spell it out for you?" Lyra asked. The two little ponies' demeanors changed completely. They had now turned almost predatory, gazing up at you with half-lidded eyes. Bon Bon's hoof had moved to your inner thigh, brushing dangerously close to your crotch, while her marefriend gently pushed you backwards. The mint unicorn climbed on top of you, sliding up to be eye level with you, while the cream earth pony laid down across your lap. "We think you're super cute. But, also super, super sexy, at the same time," she punctuated with a nibble on your ear.Meanwhile, Bon Bon had gone straight for the prize. She was now gently rubbing your hardening member through your pants with her muzzle. "We slipped the pictures in with an old magazine that Lyra should have thrown out years ago, hoping you'd take a peak," she said, inching closer to your zipper."But, what about the thing you organized with all of the single mares this side of Equestria?" you asked, your thoughts growing increasingly erratic and erotic."It wouldn't have been fair to just take you all for ourselves without letting the other fillies have a shot at you," Lyra replied, planting a light peck on your cheek."Besides," Bon Bon continued, teasingly sliding her hooves up your chest and away from the hardening bulge in your pants, rising back up to your face. "We figured after a kind of stressful night with a bunch of crazy mares, you'd need to relieve some stress.""The question now is," Lyra said, seductively. "Do you want this?""Or not?" Bonnie finished.Fuck it. You threw your arms around the two ponies, drawing Lyra in for a kiss, before pulling away and giving one to Bon Bon. The two of them lunged forward in unison, your tongues engaging in a threeway wrestling match to take control of your mouth. The slippery appendages forced their way into your throat, as the two mares they belonged to pinned you down, establishing their dominance.Bonnie was the first to pull away, sliding back down your body, gently nipping at you through your shirt along the way. Reaching the hem of the garment, she quickly yanked it off, exposing your chest. She made her way back up, retracing her path, kissing the small indentations her teeth had made.Lyra, meanwhile, was taking a more aggressive approach. Using her magic to grasp your hand, she forced your fingers to grasp her horn. Taking the hint, you began to pump your hand up and down the spiraled appendage, similar to how you would pleasure your own cock. She grunted and groaned as you stimulated her horn, while it grew steadily warmer to your touch.Bon Bon had returned to your crotch, nuzzling the prize held within your pants, inhaling the scent through the fabric. With precise, careful movements, she used her teeth to undo the button, followed closely by the zipper. Using her hooves to grasp your pants, she sharply forced them down, freeing your intensely warm member to the cold air. Moving one hoof back into position, she gently rubbed your dick into your stomach, watching your face contort in pleasure, while your hand pumping along her girlfriend's horn grew less rhythmic.Suddenly, the hoof stimulating your throbbing hard penis sharply pulled away, moving instead to the hand stroking the unicorn's horn. She pulled it away from the bony appendage, before leaning in close to your ear. "Suck it," she whispered. You stared at her. Then to Lyra's horn. Then back to Bon Bon. The cream colored candy mare shot you a look that this was non-negotiable. She grasped your trousers, slowly inching them back up your thighs. Without hesitation, you leaned forward and began to lick the green horn. "That's a good little human," Bon Bon purred, pecking you on the cheek, before moving back down between your legs.The taste of Lyra's horn wasn't anything like how you had expected. Instead of a bland bone, the magical conduit had a sort of sweetness to it, like some kind of nameless candy. The unicorn was panting, heavily, now. "Fuck..." she groaned, eyes clenched shut, her face contorted in agonizing pleasure. "I-I don't know how much longer I'm gonna last.""She never lasts long during hornplay," Bon Bon said kissing your meat."Sh-shut up, Bonnie!" Lyra whined. "I can't help it if I have an extra sensitive horn!""I never said there was anything wrong with it. In fact, I think it's cute," her girlfriend replied, giving you a nice long lick from your balls all the way to your tip. "Please, make my baby cum," she continued, turning her attention to you. "Give her an amazing horngasm, Anon, and swallow it like a dirty slut."You redoubled your efforts in blowing the unicorn's sensitive appendage, partly because you loved the dirty talk and wanted to please your gentle mistress, and partly to avoid laughing at how ridiculous "horngasm" sounded. You made sure to rub your tongue along the swirl of the horn, letting the tip barely graze the back of your throat, occasionally gagging and letting your saliva drip down into Lyra's mane. You ran your hand along her face, affectionately encouraging her to not hold back. Your other hand, meanwhile, crept lower, coaxing your partner's legs to spread just a little bit wider. Your fingers gently brushed against the soft fur of her tummy, drawing out a soft coo of arousal, before going lower and meeting with a slick, wet patch. You ran your fingers down the moist cleft of pony pussy, causing Lyra to moan just a bit louder, before inserting two fingers inside the green unicorn. You began to thrust your finger in and out of Lyra's cooch in time with your head movements along her horn, occasionally rubbing your thumb against her exposed clit, turning the unicorn in a trembling, wet, panting mess."I'm cumming!" the mint unicorn announced. Her pussy tightened around your fingers, softly squirting a small amount of fluid onto your hand and sheets as you continued to piston in and out of her tight cunt. Her horn grew significantly warmer as it pulsed, releasing a thin goo. The taste wasn't unpleasant. In fact, it was quite delicious. You eagerly swallowed it, not ceasing your head bobbing, trying to milk the magical bone for all it was worth, earning your tasty reward. As her orgasm died down, you pulled away, a gush of marecum escaping from her twitching snatch, and nothing but a strand of spit connecting your lips to her horn, while the sensitive appendage drooled once last rope of sparkling, blue ejaculate, which Bon Bon eagerly swooped in to suckle from the tip."So, how's it taste?" Bon Bon asked, licking up and down Lyra's horn one last time. Once her girlfriend's magical cum had been completely consumed, she bent down to give the mare a quick kiss, before returning her hoof to your shaft and stroking it."Amazing!" you said, swallowing the unicorn's load. "The taste is familiar, but I'm not so sure what...""Rum and cherry cola," the cream colored mare replied. "At least, that's what I've always thought it tasted like.""Exactly," you said as you laid back, enjoying her hoofjob.Lyra roused herself from her post-orgasmic bliss. "You... you did good," she slurred, her mind recovering from the intoxication of dopamine. She crawled closer to where Bon Bon was currently jerking you off, extending her own hoof to help. The two mares worked in tandem, Bon Bon stroking the shaft, while Lyra cradled the balls.Bon Bon was the first to take the next step and took the head of your penis into her mouth. She slowly twirled her tongue around your glans, enjoying the smooth texture of it. She moved down a little further, taking an inch of it, then back up, then another inch, repeating the pattern until the entire length was being pumped in and out of her mouth. She took the entire thing into her throat one last time, gagging slightly, and giving you a sultry wink, before removing your spit-coated cock from her maw, and offering it to Lyra.Lyra did not hesitate to attempt to take your whole length in a single gulp. Unfortunately, she over-estimated her own skills, quickly retreating in a coughing, spluttering fit. "Don't try to be a showoff, dear," Bon Bon said, rubbing a hoof through the unicorn's mane. She pushed Lyra's head back down, coaxing her to try again.  This time, she had more sense, and resisted her marefriend's guidance, stopping right at the point where she gagged. She coughed a few times around your cock, a few tears rolling down her cheeks, but not removing the dick from her throat, letting her esophagus adjust to your meat.Bon Bon eased up on forcing her special somepony's head down, allowing Lyra to pull back a little. But, the respite lasted only for a moment, as Bon Bon pushed Lyra back down, taking slightly more cock into her throat. They quickly established their roles: Bon Bon being gently dominant, while Lyra was happily submissive. You, meanwhile, got to lay back and enjoy the throatfuck.Before long, the familiar tingle started to spread through your body. "F-fuck!" you gasped. Bon Bon increased the pace in which she forced Lyra to fellate you, the the mint mare gagging in a steady rhythm with her blowjob. The earth pony leaned down and whispered something in her girlfriend's ear, eliciting a nod in response, never ceasing her oral attention.You gasp one last time, as Bon Bon allowed Lyra to pull your erection from her throat, but leaving the head in her mouth. Lyra used her magic to rub along the length of your cock, while Bon Bon fondled the balls, trying to milk you for all of the seed you had. With a grunt, you shoot your first rope of cum into the unicorn's mouth. She looked up at you, pumping her magic harder along your member, coercing more jizz to release. Her eyes shined with excitement as you blasted another shot onto her tongue, followed by another, and another."That's a good girl," Bon Bon cooed, stroking Lyra's mane. "Don't spill a drop of that sweet, salty cream. Catch it all for me, sweetie."With a slightly effeminate moan, your body relaxed, coming down from the waves of bliss. Carefully, Lyra removed her lips from your softening penis, trying not to spill her prize. She looked up at you, before opening her mouth in a big, wide smile, showing off just how much you had blown. She used her tongue to swish the pearlescent slime around in her mouth, before turning to Bon Bon."Oh my," Bon Bon exclaimed, examining the content's of the unicorn's mouth. "That certainly is a lot," she continued, affectionately stroking the side of Lyra's face. Without hesitation, she pulled the other mare in for an intense kiss. She pulled back, hovering over Lyra, before slightly opening her mouth to let your cum (or, was it technically theirs, now?) ooze back into the unicorn's mouth, who then repeated the lewd display. Drawing together for one last kiss, they turned to you, showing off that they both had a mouthful of baby batter. In unison, they closed their mouths and swallowed loudly, before sticking out their tongues, showing that they had finished off every last drop, like good little fillies."Wow..." you said, impressed with the lewd display you had just witnessed.Bon Bon giggled. "You're not the only one impressed," she said, reaching over and running her hoof along your throbbing erection. "It looks like somebody's ready to go for another round. You up for it, big guy?"Without saying a word, you scooped up the cream colored mare and tossed her down on top of the bed, lying on her back. You then picked up Lyra and deposited her on top of Bon Bon, this time lying on her stomach, face to face."Oh, I like where this is going," Lyra said, giving Bonnie a quick kiss on the cheek. The two ponies grinded against each other, giving you a nice show to make sure you were prepared to please to girls. "So, who's first?""I dunno," you said, lining your prick up with the two pussies nestled together. "I was just thinking," you continued, pressing it in between them, rubbing against both of their clits, causing both mares to moan. "That I would just go for it and see where it goes." You pulled back, before slamming into Lyra's dripping cunt, the unicorn screaming in ecstasy. You pulled back out, before sliding into Bon Bon's, who bit her lip, trying to be just a little bit quieter than her girlfriend. You thrust into her a few times, before switching sloppy, pony pussies, again.The two mares scissored each other as you took turns pounding their tight snatches, sometimes sliding between the two of them, your meat being the filling of a wet, pussy sandwich. Lyra and Bon Bon ravenously made out as you fucked them both, their moans and gasps adding to the symphony of sex.You felt your balls pulling up, signalling that your release was imminent. "I'm gonna cum, soon, girls," you panted, not ceasing your efforts."Yes!" the two ponies exclaimed, thrusting back into you."Where are you gonna cum, Anon?" Lyra purred, mischievously."You gonna cum inside your favorite?" Bon Bon asked "Make the other one slurp your load out of my delicious honeypot?""Oh, please," Lyra laughed, dismissively. "We both know you're gonna be one eating his creampie outta me. Isn't that right, Anon?"With a growl, you pulled Lyra off of Bon Bon onto her back, laying the two of the side by side as you jerked your dick to release. With a groan, you shot your first load right onto Bon Bon's face, catching both mares off guard. You aimed your second at Lyra, who had the foresight to open her mouth just in time to catch some of it in her mouth. You alternated between them with each shot, before the last of your cum dribbled out onto the sheets."You're both my favorite," you said, pulling each filly in for a kiss.You walked into Tree Hugger's office for your weekly appointment, Lyra and Bon following in close behind you.Tree Hugger looked up from the notes she had been going over from your previous sessions. Her eyes widened a bit at seeing you had brought guests along with you for what was normally supposed to be a one-on-one session. "You didn't tell me you would be bringing friends to this session, Anon," she said, setting aside her pen and notepad."Marefriends, actually," you corrected."Both of them?" she asked."Yes," Lyra and Bon Bon answered, in unison."Niiiiiiiiiiiiice."Granny Smith hobbled over to your table on her walker. You silently prayed to whatever higher power may have been listening that she was just coming over for a friendly chat."Well, hello there, handsome," she said, flirtatiously smiling. Whatever higher power had been listening to you is a fucking dick. "Hey, Granny Smith," you replied awkwardly. You sent out one last prayer to that dickhead deity that Granny was just being overly friendly. "What brings you out, tonight?""Well, I heard you were puttin' yerself on the market," she said, closing the distance between you, every single joint in her withered, old body creaking louder than every rusty door hinge in every universe. "And I figured I would be remiss if I didn't try fer a shot at ya.""You don't think I'm a bit too young for you?""Oh, pish posh," Granny replied, waving a hoof, dismissively. "I've never had an issue with May-December relationships. Shoot, just ask Thunderlane and that strange Doctor feller about me, and they'll tell you many great tales about our nights o' passion. They've even told quite a few o' their friends about me, and they've come to sample some o' my pie, to see if it's just as good as they were told."Granny Smith, Ponyville's favorite grandmother, whom you had spent many afternoons in her company, drinking lemonade and eating some of the best chocolate chip cookies you had ever tasted, was a very popular and active GILF. You really didn't know what to think about this. You briefly pondered what it would feel like if she took those dentures out and went to town. The thought made you shiver, but you didn't know if it was from revulsion or excitement."I-I'll consider it," you stammered, trying to politely end this conversation.Granny Smith smiled, rising from the table. "Don't take too long, now," she said, turning towards the door. "I got me quite the waiting list of kind gentlecolts lookin' to spend some time with me, but you get front o' the line privileges whenever you want."G-good to know," you said, waving good-bye to the sexually active senior.You could never look at Thunderlane or Doctor Whooves the same way, again, and you didn't know how many other stallions shared that distinction...."I, uh, didn't know there were any other draconequuses, besides Discord," you said, staring incredulously at the female Spirit of Chaos seated across from you. You had to admit, there was something quite appealing about the way she looked, like a sexy, mismatched snake."Oh, please," said an all too familiar male voice. "Did you think he just appeared out of nowhere? He had to have been born from some lovely mother.""Discord," you growled. "I know that's you.""Discord?" the draconequus feigned innocence. "What are you talking about? My name is Eris, and I'm clearly a very sexy woman.""Discord," you repeated, growing slightly angry. "I might have fallen for this, if you had bothered to change your voice.""Oh, fine," the Spirit of Chaos sighed, crossing his (her?) arms in defeat. "If the voice is a problem, I can change it.""Go," you said, pinching the bridge of your nose. "Just go." A snap and a poof later, and the seat across from you was empty. You turned to Lyra. "I thought I told you to tell all the guys to go home.""Well, I did," Lyra replied, defensively. "But when I said that, he just poofed himself into a girl's body, so i figured it would be okay.""God dammit, Lyra..." you muttered....Rarity's mom, Cookie Crumbles sat across from you, smiling."Uh, aren't you married?" you asked, apprehensively."Oh, don't you worry about that," the MILF replied, one of her hind legs slowly making its way up your calf. "My husband and I are in a- oh, how do you say it? Open relationship. He gets to sleep with whatever mares he likes and I get to do the same with stallions," she said, her hoof now making its way dangerously close to your crotch. "So, I heard you had one of my magazines?" she whispered, moving close enough to you that her lips nearly touched your own."I HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM!" you shouted, blushing, and quickly dashing to the nearest restroom...."I mutht thay," Twist said, sitting down at your table. "I find the prothpect of dating an older thtallion quite ekthiting.""No," you said, bluntly. "Just no."Tears began to form in the young filly's eyes, before she took off at a gallop, loudly crying.Great, now you felt like a complete asshole for making a child cry....For the love of God, please, shut the hell up, you thought for what felt like the twentieth time in five minutes. Trixie had joined you at your table and immediately started droning on about how she was clearly the most perfect mare in all of Equestria, so you should obviously date her. Honestly, the only reason you hadn't told her to go away was because you didn't think she was even listening.You looked over at Lyra and Bon Bon, silently pleading for help. "I'm going to go get Starlight," Bon Bon said, understanding exactly what you were trying to convey."Thank you," you mouthed to her, while Trixie continued to ramble about her expectations of you in the bedroom...."So, uh," you began, unsure of whether or not what you were about to ask was rude. "Are you a mare or a stallion?" The changeling across from you looked back at you through half-lidded eyes, a small smirk etched across its face. "Baby, I can be whatever you want."For the first time tonight, one of your dates wasn't a hard "no" and was a definite "maybe"....Luna was back, this time visibly drunk, with half a bottle of rum clenched so tightly in her magic that cracks were beginning to form in the bottle's neck. Her sister, Princess Celestia, was also present, comfortingly holding her distraught baby sister and stroking her mane, while intensely glaring at you."B'why?!" Luna slurred and sobbed, chugging down three more gulps of liquor, as she continued to add to the sizeable puddle of tears on the table. "Minawgudinuff?" "I-I'm sorry..." you stammered, trying to figure out what Luna was trying to tell you.Celestia continued to glare at you. "I should send you to the moon for what you have done to my sister."You laid back on the softest bed in existence, drinking a beer. On your right sat the Princess of the Sun herself,  Princess Celestia, who lovingly caressed your bare chest with a stocking clad hoof. On your left was her sister, Princess of the Night, Luna, who excitedly peppered your face with nonstop kisses. Meanwhile, Cadence, the Princess of Love, massaged your feet, while her sister-in-law, Twilight Sparkle, the Princess of Friendship, levitated a bit of cake to your mouth, which you gladly accepted."Oh, Anon," Celestia purred, nibbling your ear. "It is so lovely to be able to spend a night having the most amazing sex with the sexiest, most hadsomest man in all of Equestria!""Tis, indeed," Luna agreed. "More beer, milord?" she offered, cracking the top off another bottle."Of course, my dear," you replied, taking the cold beverage from her blue magic."I am so glad that I am cucking my stupid husband in favor of a much more desirable male," Cadence said, moving her hooves from your feet to begin work on your calves. "My, I have already forgotten his name. It was probably something stupid.""His name is Shining Armor," Twilight said, breaking off another piece of cake and levitating it to your mouth. "Not that it matters, anymore. Anonymous shall make a much better father to Flurry Heart than my dorky brother ever was.""That we can agree on," Cadence said, before turning to you. "Speaking of daddies, shall we go for round number twenty-seven? Perhaps you can get all four of us nice and pregnant with many human babies?""Oh, can we? Please?" Luna pleaded."Oh, yes, will you knock up all of the royalty in Equestria, Anon?" Celestia begged. "We exist solely to carry your babies and provide you with mind blowing sex!""Of course, babes," you said, downing the rest of your beer. You pulled your harem in, closer. "So, who first?""Why not all of us at once?" Twilight asked. "You have proven time and time again that you posses the sexual prowess to please ten mares at the same time.""Oh yes, of course," you laughed."There's just one thing we have to ask of you, beforehand," Celestia said."And what's that?""WAKE UP, DUMMY!"You were promptly knocked out of your uncomfortable bed onto the cold, hard, wooden floor. Limestone Pie glared down at you. "Get dressed and come downstairs. we're working in the south fields today, so hurry up and get dressed. Breakfast is waiting downstairs.""All right, all right, you sour bitch," you grumble, picking yourself up.That's right, you worked on some stupid rock farm and did not have a royal harem of the most powerful mares in Equestria. Instead, you had the Pie family, who had graciously taken you in after your sudden appearance in the middle of a blizzard. A few months had passed since then and you now worked for them, in exchange for room and board. You loved them all almost like a family, even with the intense workload and strange family values were a bit difficult to adjust to.Pulling on your pants, boots, and a t-shirt, you trudged downstairs, wishing you could go back to your dream and enjoy the Royal Sex Pile. Cloudy Quartz was busy at the stove, serving up pebble porridge, which wasn't nearly as bad as you had expected, minus the rocks. The two of you shared a friendly smile as she poured you a bowl of your breakfast. Limestone already had her muzzle buried into her bowl, messily devouring her meal. Marble had a much better sense of of table manners, opting to eat her porridge with a spoon. The two of you exchanged a nod and a smile as you spooned the rocks from your breakfast into her bowl.A belch interrupted your typical morning ritual. Limestone had finished her breakfast and was wiping stray bits of food from her face with the back of her hoof. "Hurry up," she barked. "The sooner we get started, the sooner we finish, and I definitely don't want to be out there all day. Pegasi said they had a huge rain storm planned for around one, and if we get caught in that, I swear, I'll shove my hoof so far up your-""Language, young filly," Cloudy chastised."Sorry, Ma," Limestone said, standing up. She turned back to you. "I'm serious, though. I better see your weird hand things being put to good use in ten minutes, or you'll regret it," she said before walking out the door."Was she always that bossy?" you ask Marble for probably the fifteenth time."Mhmm."..."I told you we didn't have any time to waste!" Limestone shouted at you as you and Marble filled a cart with a rather meager assortment of rocks, minerals, and gemstones. The rain was coming down hard now, completely drenching the three of you. The ground had been rendered a slick, slippery mess, making working conditions incredibly unsafe, forcing you to stop for the day."Um, can't we all just get along?" Marble asked, hesitantly."Well, how the fuck was I supposed to know that the rain would start four hours earlier than expected?!" you shouted, ignoring Marble's plea."Whatever, dummy," Limestone grumbled. "Let's just get these over to the storage shed, then head inside. We can argue about this when we're dry."The door to the shed creaked open as you pushed the cart inside. Quickly lighting up a lamp, you began to sort today's haul into the proper bins. Neither you nor Limestone said a word to each other, instead opting to silently fume."What the hell are you doing?" Limestone barked, breaking the silence, as you threw a large ruby into the appropriately marked bin."Sorting the harvest," you reply, coldly, not even looking up from your work. "What the fuck does it look like I'm doing?"Limestone snorted. "You're doing an awful job!" she growled, removing the ruby from its bin. "This is clearly a red diamond, dummy!" she continued, tossing it into the bin marked "DIAMOND". "And you put graphite in the goethite bin, too!""You're clearly blind!" you snapped back. "Obviously that is goethite and that is a ruby!""I'm sorry," she snorted, sarcastically, take a hostile step toward you. "I forgot you had a cutie mark for identifying rocks and minerals!""Please, you two," Marble whimpered. "There's no need to fight. Anon just made an honest mist-""You know damn well I don't have a cutie mark, you racist bitch!" You interrupted, likewise moving toward Limestone."Well, if you did, you'd have one for being a big dummy!" Limestone yelled, closing the gap between you."Well, maybe you should have one for being a cun-"A slam and a click derailed your counter-point. Both of you turned in the direction of the commotion, noticing that Marble was missing. Limestone trotted over the door, trying and failing to open it, before noticing a scrap of paper on the floor. "That conniving little..." she muttered, reading the note."What?" you grumbled, snatching the paper from the gray, bitch-pony's hoof. "All you two ever do is fight," you read aloud. "It has gone on for far too long. Lunch is at noon, I will unlock the door then. In the mean time, please work out your differences." You crumple up the note and toss it aside. "All right then. So do you want to talk first or can-"WHAM!You staggered back, clutching your cheek where Limestone had punched you. For a pony that only came up to your waist, she sure was able to reach. "Fighting works, too," you say, charging forward, catching the mare in a tackle, pinning her to the ground. Small as she is, she has no trouble reversing the situation, easily flipping the two of you over, and delivering two more punches to the face. A well placed knee to the stomach gets her off of you, quickly followed by a quick kick while she's down.The two of you pummel each other in a blinding rage.A bite to your shoulder.A jab to her ribs.A kick to your shin.A slap to her face.Your lips mashed together in a chaste, angry kiss. You hastily shove each other away, shooting your foe a look of disgust for having the audacity to kiss you, which she reciprocated. "Fucking gross!" you shouted, wiping pony spit from your lips. "I can't believe you just did that!""What the fuck are you talking about?!" your opponent roared, spitting away the taste of your mouth. "You're the one who kissed me, you pervert!" She punched you in the stomach again.You pulled her ear.She punched you in the chest.You punched her in the face.She stomped on your foot.You slammed her against a wall.The two of you shoved your tongues down each others' throats.She shoved you to the floor.You slapped her supple ass.She bit your neck.You pulled her mane as you kissed a third time.You both paused, panting, a string of spit connecting your lips. She had you pinned to the dirt floor. You stared into her eyes. Anger clouded over by lust shimmered back at you. She quickly caught you in another kiss. This time, you let your hands gently run along her face, admiring the soft texture of her fur. Time seemed to stand still. How long had your lips been locked? A moment? Ten seconds? Five minutes? An Hour? A thousand years? All of that was irrelevant. All you knew was that you did not want this kiss to end.When the two of you finally drifted apart, you stared wordlessly at each other, merely cupping her face in your hands, while she rubbed your chest with a hoof. "What was-?" you start to ask, but are quickly silenced by a hoof gently pressing against your lips."Don't say anything," she grunted. She pushed herself off of you, causing you to let out a whine of protest. She took a step away from you, turned around, and bent over. Her tail flagged high in the air, exposing her wet pussy to the cold air. "Just fuck me," she whispered, turning her head back to face you, her cheeks giving off a noticeable scarlet hue. "A none of that foreplay crap, either," she added. "I think we've already done enough of that. Just... just shove it inside me."You crawled over to where she was waiting. You softly let your fingers glide along her cutie mark, eliciting a threatening grunt of annoyance from her. Taking the hint, you unzipped your pants, letting your erection bob free. You rubbed the tip against her entrance, relishing the warmth her wet folds radiated in the otherwise cold room. You slid the tip inside, before pulling it back out. You reinserted your cock, going just a few millimeters further, before removing yourself from her tight confines."Dummy," Limestone growled. "If you don't stop teasing me, I swear to Celestia, I will knock you out and take care of this, myself.""Really?" you chuckled, lining yourself back up with her dripping snatch, sliding your glans along her entrance, not quite slipping inside, intentionally pissing her off. "I might just like that, whore." "Pervert," she grunted. "You get off on the idea of being some mare's bitch?""Maybe," you said. With a single thrust, you allowed Limestone's warm pussy to completely envelope your throbbing cock. You groaned at her tightness, while she gasped in pleasure. You pulled out, leaving only your glans inside, before thrusting back inside. "But I get off more on the idea of putting a stuck up cunt, like you, in her place." You thrust back in, harder this time, punctuating it with a sharp slap to her flank. Her pussy excitedly constricted around your cock as you did this. You slapped her opposite flank, her cunt tightening, again, in response. "Seems like you like that, too, bitch," you growled, grabbing hold of her mane, and yanking her head back.She looked up at you, lust and submission glimmering in her eyes. A line of drool rolled from her mouth and down her throat. You catch her in another kiss, this time hungrier, almost ravenous. You drag the tips of your fingers along her back before grabbing hold of her throat. Squeezing lightly, she moans into your mouth as you cut off some of her oxygen. Her cunt spasms, excitedly, spraying a small bit of marecum around your cock and onto the dirt floor. Taking that a sign to go further, you squeeze again, harder this time. Her eyes roll back into her head as she screams. Her pussy constricted manically around your thrusting member. She pushed back into you, not allowing you to pull out as she quivered in pleasure. Suddenly, your cock became hotter, wetter, as her voice started to trail off. Her snatch tightened one last time, almost painfully, as a rush of her cum exploded from around your erection lodged firmly inside of her. One spurt. Two spurts. Three. Four. Then, she slumped over, spent, your cock sliding out with a wet pop."So, you liked that, slut?" you whispered, leaning over her, and planting a quick kiss on her cheek."Sh-shut up!" she panted, laying in a puddle of her own excitement."Yeah, you fucking loved it, you dirty tramp!" you sneered. You gave her rump a firm slap, admiring the way the fatty flesh jiggled and bounced. "You know, for a pony who tries to be a tough, badass bitch all the time, you sure do turn into a submissive little slut in the heat of passion," you laugh.Your moment of humor was cut short when you suddenly had the wind knocked out of you. You found yourself lying flat on your back, staring up at one pissed off gray mare."Submissive, huh?" she inquired, her face mere inches from your own. Her back hoof carefully rubbed against the length of your still hard member. You groan in agonizing pleasure, remembering that you still haven't had your release, yet. "I'll show you fucking submissive, jackass!"You both hiss as her tight cunt enveloped your cock, once more. After taking a moment to adjust herself, she raised her flank and slammed herself back down, grunting as she forced your length deep inside her tight, wet snatch. She leaned down, giving you a quick kiss on your lips, before moving down lower, and biting down hard on your neck. As you screamed out, the pain was quickly soothed by a gentle kiss to the developing bruise."See, dummy," Limestone grunted, bouncing up and down on your cock. "I can be both mean and nice," she said, kissing the bite mark, once more. "Now, whether you get sweet or sour Limestone is entirely up to you." She hilted herself on your erection, gyrating her hips. "Got it?" You nodded and moaned, your mind incapable of forming words. Limestone smirked and planted another kiss on your cheek. "Good bitch."Your newfound mistress raised herself up until only your tip remained inside. Opting to let gravity do most of the work, she let herself fall back down, a wet slap reverberating around the room as your hips met. She grunted, letting herself rest a moment, before rising back up and falling back down, again. She developed a rhythm, each drop being punctuated with a grunt from one of you, usually both.Limestone's thrusts quickened, her breath coming out in short gasps. You were in a similar state, your peak approaching, fast. You reached up and grabbed hold of her firm flanks, squeezing them, kneading the supple flesh, and pushing yourself deeper inside, increasing the pace of your lovemaking."L-lime!" you gasped. "I'm close!""Me too, dummy!" the pony moaned, pushing her hips as hard and fast as she could. "Don't you fucking dare finish without me!"Needing one more push to finish you both off, you delivered a firm swat to her ass. Limestone growled. "What did I tell you about being nice?" she asked, doubling her efforts. She leaned forward and bit your nipple.You pulled her mane.She choked you.You spanked her ass.She slapped you in the face."Limestone!""Dummy!"You both came in white hot pleasure.Your cock pulsed with each shot of cum you pumped into her tight, pony pussy. She gyrated her hips, trying to milk even more of your seed from you. You pulled together in a passionate kiss, riding out the end of your orgasms for as long as possible.As you both came down from your sex induced highs, your lips parted, a string of spit connecting the two of you. You smiled at each other. You met for one more quick kiss, before Limestone laid down on top of you, resting her head against your chest. Neither of you said anything, choosing to instead enjoy the post-orgasmic cuddling, listening to each other breathing, softly.A few minutes passed before either of you moved. You checked your watch. 10:42. "We still got about another hour before Marble lets us out," you said. "You up for another round?""Of what? Fighting or fucking?" she asked with laugh."I dunno," you replied with a smirk. "I'm down for either."...Marble, Cloudy Quartz, and Igneous stared in disbelief at Anon and Limestone, their sandwiches forgotten. To say something wasn't quite right would be an understatement. No, something was very wrong.Anon and Limestone were both covered in bruises, black eyes, and bite marks, and Anon's shirt was in tatters. That wasn't too unexpected. Hell, it had only been a matter of time before the two of them came to blows. What was concerning was that the two of them were being friendly towards one another, sitting next to each other, and very close at that. They were sharing the occasional smile with each other and having a conversation that wasn't laced with threats of knocking teeth out.Something had happened in the shed and none of the Pies were quite sure if they wanted to know what.You’re rudely jolted into wakefulness by the sound of loud, rapid hoof-tapping at your front door. Grumbling to yourself, you flail your arm out of the covers in a blind attempt to check the clock; finally grabbing it and noting the absurdly late hour, you nearly commit to drowning out the incessant noise with your pillow and some more covers before a breathy, raspy voice just barely reaches your ears from outside.“Anooooon...pleeeaseeee...c’mon wake up, wakeupwakeupwakeuuup...”Any remaining drowsiness you had immediately leaves you at the sound of your marefriend’s angelic voice, and you bolt out of bed and nearly fall on your face when the sheets catch your foot. Quickly shaking off the impedance, you make a mad dash for the door, throw out the bolt, and whip it open, startling the flustered mare enough to make her fall flat on her flanks.“What, what is it? What’s wrong? Why the heck are you here before today’s training has even started?” Your hurried, concerned tone quickly shifts to something darker and deliberate, “Do I have to kick somepony’s ass?”Vapor blushes and fidgets with her hooves, but attempts to calm you down all the same. “Uh, n-no, no! Nothing like that! I just...umm...I think that week is starting early for me…the Captain saw...er, more like smelled...how I was acting at Mess tonight and told me to take some time off-base to, umm...deal with it...I was gonna come to you tomorrow morning, b-but it’s already getting so bad that I just can’t stand it!”“Oh! Uh...geeze, Vape. In that case, come in before you stain my welcome mat.” If you thought she had been blushing before, her complexion now resembles an overripe cherry.You step to the side and gesture into your apartment. As Vapor crosses the threshold, a wave of minty petrichor assaults your senses, causing you to stumble momentarily as you follow her into your sitting room. Her tail is stiffly flagged, allowing you occasional glances of her winking, sopping marehood as she trots over to your couch and slowly takes a seat. At first, she opts to sit upright, but quickly winces and changes to a reclining position as her rear makes contact with the fabric of your couch.You take a seat next to her, placing a hand at the nape of your neck and running your fingers through her soft, wispy mane. A full-body shudder overtakes her, and you hear a faint schlick as she softly moans. “Goddamn. You really are hot-to-trot right now. This is the worst I’ve ever seen you get.”She slowly nods, although her faraway, dazed stare at the opposite wall implies she doesn’t have a very firm hold on Equus right now. It’s a wonder she was even able to make it to your apartment. “Mmhmm...” She shudders again. Even the vibration of her vocal cords through her body is apparently enough to set her off into another mini-orgasm. “Anooonnn...pleeeaseee...heeelp meeeeee...”“Alright, alright, calm down, ya horny horse…” You gently grabbed her underneath her forelegs and lifted her onto your lap, with her back resting against your chest and her plot planted precisely on your crotch. She whimpered, wriggled around, and gyrated her rear on you as soon as she landed, but you pet her mane as a calming gesture. You ran a hand through her downy chest fluff and wandered down towards her desperate marehood; you were able to slip three entire fingers into her with no resistance whatsoever. She shrieked as her entire body locked in place, her eyes rolling into the back of her head as her marehood exploded all over your hand and her wings shot out to full extension against your back, giving you a mouthful of feathers.After a few seconds of brain-melting ecstasy she went slack, becoming a pega-puddle in your arms. For several minutes, the only sound in the room was the plaintive panting of a partially-pleased pegasus. Soon, however, she groaned and once again began shifting around on your lap. “You know that only makes it worse...oh, by the Sun...” She managed to groan out.“I know, but I needed you able to form a coherent sentence for at least a few minutes.” The moment you finish speaking, she rotates on your lap and wraps her forelegs around your neck. A dangerous glint is in her eyes.“I’ll give you a coherent sentence, mister...buck me into this couch until I can’t remember my own Sun-damned name!” She growled impishly, bouncing up and down in your lap and causing you to wince with each drop.“Heh...alright then, little lady...” You say in a low voice, picking her up off your lap and placing her in a prime pegasus-plowing position, a little something from your world called the “speedbump,” some approximation between doggy-style and “reverse missionary.” Face-down in a pillow, rear upraised, and more than ready for you to tend to her needs. She can’t easily see you from her position without bending her neck in a way that even a pony’s cartoon anatomy wouldn’t be comfortable with...exactly as you intended. You unbuckle your pants, the jangling of the belt buckle causing her ears to flit about in nervousness. You’re glad she can’t see you because the heady scent permeating every inch of the room is causing your fingers to fumble from anticipation.Slowly and deliberately you drape yourself over her body. Your hands grip the arm of the couch for support as your above-average member nestles itself comfortably between her teats. Even though you’re hardly the biggest guy ever, it still reaches past her bellybutton. You lean down to growl in her ear, your every breath sending a shudder through her. “Just remember...you asked for it, babe~” Gripping the armrest tightly, you reposition yourself to aim directly for her marehood, and send half of your length into her over-saturated depths in a single thrust.The best part of being the boyfriend (stallionfriend?) of an Equestrian mare; their “large dog” stature makes sex with most of them not unlike fucking a living Fleshlight, resplendent with the sort of lewd noises that would make even a brothel-mare blush.“Fuuuck meee!” She screams, spasming wildly around your length and almost overcoming your resistance to not fill her immediately. It would’ve solved her “problem,” but it still felt fundamentally wrong. Your human pride was at stake; you weren’t a one-pump chump like a stallion would be!Slowly, ponderously, you inch yourself forward deeper and deeper into her. You wanted to enjoy her moans, twitches, and incredulous gasps as you stuffed her fuller-than-full...not body-slam her into a fuck-coma in two seconds like some single-minded breeding stud!...That could always come later.You lived for this moment. You lived for her pleasure. You lived for her. She was one of the only things that got you out of bed in the mornings...literally speaking, in today’s case.After what felt like a century, you found yourself almost fully-hilted in your mare, balls swinging into her teats as your head mashed against her cervix. You couldn’t see it due to the position, but you already knew there was a visible bulge above her belly-button, and the solid surface of the couch pressing against the bulge added an extra dimension of resistance and pleasure to the equation for both of you.Another full-body orgasm jolted through her when you made contact with her cervix, causing a rippling clench along your entire length that, once again, sorely tested the depths of your endurance. Her wings had long since risen to full extension at her sides, firmly curling around your torso in the pegasine equivalent of a leg-lock. The constant stream of squeals and breathless moans being forced out of her by your immense difference in size was being muffled by the pillow she’d had her face stuffed into ever since this encounter began.If she thought that was the end of the penetration, though, she was in for a surprise. This was only your first heat together, and damned if you weren’t going to make it special by fucking her until her brain oozed out of her cute little ears. Vapor went silent, too overwhelmed to even speak as you began pounding her cervix hard and deep, demanding entrance through the last barrier to her most sacred depths. Now, more than ever, you were glad for the absurd resilience of pony anatomy, and that the cervix was an intense erogenous zone for them rather than a painfully sensitive area.Each slam into her was met with a further tightening of her insides around you, which led you to pound her with more and more force just to keep the same pace. Neither of you could keep up this escalation for long—both her grip on reality and your endurance—and within a couple of minutes of maintaining this feverish crescendo, you gave one last fierce thrust into her, finally piercing through her cervix and impaling her womb on the head of your dick.“Fuuuck...you’re fucking mine, you little slut! Rrraghnnn!” You growl into her ear before gently biting down upon it.Vapor gave out a fevered, juddering scream as her entire body seized in the most intense orgasm that her sweet little pony life had ever experienced, rendering her unconscious within seconds. You let out a deep, ecstatic groan and buried your face in the back of her mane as your cock gave undulating, forceful throbs inside her. The tension had released from her body the moment she lost consciousness, allowing you to hump her slowly and easily as you exploded like a firehose deep into her womb. Her belly slowly stretched out to either side as your essence pooled within her, before the pressure overcame her tightness and spurted out behind the two of you in multiple streams of your mixed orgasms.After several titanic spurts, your release finally ended. Utterly spent, you fell forward onto her back, pressing her into the soiled couch. She was so entombed in Luna’s realm that not even this disturbance could wake her, although you had just enough energy to roll her onto her side so that the two of you could sleep comfortably on the couch, with her cum-bloated belly facing your own stomach. Running a hand through her mane as you whispered sweet nothings into her ear, you were lulled into dreams by the sound of her own soft, even breaths as she tucked her head into the crook of your neck and snuggled into your chest.This was already shaping up to be one hell of a week…“Glp...glp...shlp...glp...ghglk...” You were awakened the next morning by the guttural sounds and incredible feeling of your marefriend’s throat constricting around your cock; you notice that sometime during the night your positions had shifted so that she was on top, and she was clearly taking full advantage of that situation. Her muzzle scrunched cutely into your pubes as she looked up at you with deep, beautiful blue eyes full of love and conviction, with the occasional shudder as your cockhead brushed some sensitive spot in her throat.You weren’t entirely sure why, but the juxtaposition of extreme cuteness and raunchy lewdness that ponies were capable of could make your dick steel-hard at the drop of a hat. There was yet another aspect of cartoon anatomy that made sex with ponies amazing: their complete lack of a gag reflex. Or maybe Vapor was just… “special.” Or maybe pegasi swallow fish whole or something...you didn’t really give a shit one way or the other, all that really mattered was how unbelievable her blowjobs always seemed to be.She must have been doing this for a while before you woke up, since you already felt as if you were teetering on the edge of another immense release. As if sensing just how close you were, she began humming an old pegasus lullaby, sending you over the edge within the space of a couple seconds. You grabbed her by the back of the head and ran your fingers through her velvety mane as your cock swelled up deep within her esophagus and violently erupted.Vapor’s pupils went heart-shaped as your enormous load filled her stomach before drizzling from her nose and the corners of her mouth, and moaned deeply with a full-body shudder as she rubbed her distended belly in contentment. Slowly and reluctantly she pulled off of you, licking your rod in a circular pattern to grab up every last drop of your essence that she could reach.She opened her spotlessly-clean mouth wide and gave a cute little “ahh~” to demonstrate her skill, giggling as she observed your slack-jawed, dizzy stare before she flopped down spread-eagled onto your chest. “Mmmhmmhmm...a seven-course breakfast in bed after getting the best dicking in Equestrian history? What did I ever do to deserve a stallion like you~?”“By being your amazingly adorable self, you fluffy little deviant~” You say teasingly, gripping her flanks firmly with both hands. She “meep”ed quietly in response, shooting you a dirty look for causing her to make such an undignified sound and wiggling her plump pony posterior in your grasp.“That big, fat cock of yours could turn any mare into a slut for you, stud...” She growls, giving you the most smoldering bedroom-eyes stare you’d ever seen from her. Your dick twitched against her belly, causing her to giggle mischievously and grind herself against you. “Heheh...seems like he defintely agrees with that sentiment~”“Fuckin’ hell, you’re gonna be the death of me, Vape...if we keep mashing ourselves together every hour for the rest of this week, then we aren’t gonna make it past tomorrow, y’know...” You groaned out, rubbing your forehead as you sat up against the armrest, Vapor still laid out upon your chest and, now, slowly gyrating on your lap.“Speak for yourself, bucko, I’m an endless fountain of energy and it seems to me like Big Anon is still rarin’ to go down there~...but I getcha. I guess we can calm it down on the real crazy stuff for a little while...but you’re puttin’ in a doubled-down dickin’ for me tonight! Got that, love?” She said commandingly, then hopped off of your chest and onto the floor. You assumed Vapor’s uncharacteristically demanding behavior was down to her heat...but you had to admit, you really liked this dominant, perpetually-horny side of her.You began to stand up yourself, but were frozen in place by the incredibly sexy sight of Vapor stretching like a cat in front of you, whipping her tail past her flexing marehood as her wings fanned out restlessly. She casually glanced back, giggling at your wandering eyes before shooting you a wink and heading to the bathroom in a tantalizing, hip-swaying saunter.Your marefriend never ceased to surprise you with the sheer amount of animal magnetism she could exude...that perpetual horniness you’d mentioned could end up being a problem for your furniture at this rate, though. You’ll be lucky if you’ve got anything left to sit on by the end of this week.“I’ll need some help getting my back, stud~” She called out from the bathroom in a suggestive growl. Noting your own state of uncleanliness, you noted you probably also needed a “shower buddy” right now…“Unh! B-b-buck! Aaa-ah-ahhhnnn!” Vapor bucked in your grasp as her body twitched fitfully in the throes of ecstasy, her pleased moans amplified in the tight space of your shower. Steam coated the glass door, ensuring that—had anyone else been in your apartment—they would only see a suggestive silhouette of your lewd embrace.You'd grabbed her rear, lifted her up to mouth level, and pinned her high against the shower wall with her wings spread against the tiles. The hot water cascaded down upon the two of you, cloaking your heated encounter in a fog of steam. Vapor's minty, tantalizing heat-scent permeated the air even more thoroughly now, as if clinging to the water vapor in the air; that abundance of pungent pony pheromones made you hornier than you'd ever been, even including last night, but you wanted to focus on your mate's pleasure before your own. You estimated that she'd need at least several orgasms beyond what you'd be capable of fucking into her, so you needed the "head start" on today. Even if Vapor had already gotten one out of you when you'd barely even woken up, so you were already quite behind...you redoubled your efforts at this thought, which sent her into a fresh bout of moans and ecstatic squeals.You were a bit miffed that she had pretty much immediately gone back on her promise to tone things down, but you also understood that heat was absolute hell for pony mares; an inescapable full-body eagerness a million times worse than anything human women would ever have to experience. When shut-in with their partner, a heated mare typically had more sex in a day than an Equestrian escort would have in their best week. At least oral gave your dick a reprieve from her ravenous marehood, even if your tongue felt like it was about to fall off and your hands were so sore they felt arthritic. You would take an uncomfortable soreness over a chafed-raw dick any day of the week.Speaking of chafing things raw, Vapor gave a weak series of uncoordinated taps on the top of your head, signaling you to stop. You pulled your tongue from her depths and lapped up the minty femcum from the edges of her marehood, and gave her a concerned look as you lowered her to be eye-level with you."Phew...gods, I...haaah...feel like I'm gonna pass out! You..nnh...really know how to please a...mmh-mare, Anon~..." She gasps out, her eyes still unfocused and crossed as she cooled down from the intense multi-orgasm that you'd given her. "Mmmh...gonna need a minute...or five...or...zzz..." Your eyes widen in surprise as her head flops forward and her entire body falls limp; you nearly drop her before adjusting your grip to cradle her in your arms.She clearly hadn't fully recovered from last night's heady escapades; you may have been an incredibly "cunning linguist" by pony standards (their muzzle shape and lack of fingers made them pretty clumsy at anything that wasn't "insert Tab P in Slot V," so it wasn't a very high bar to raise) but she usually had more endurance than that, in the casual encounters you'd had with her during the many months you'd been together so far.You moved her into the crook of one arm, thankfully possible due to the magically-lightened bodies of pegasi, and squeezed some Mane & Tail into your hand, gently lathering up various parts of her. She hummed delightedly, deeply invested in her impromptu nap, as you massaged the bodily fluids out of her matted fur and tangled mane, returning it to the smooth, pleasant mix of pastel blues and yellows that had become one of your favorite traits of hers since you'd come to know her. You indulged herself with a deep lungful of her scent, before beginning the task of washing the soap off of her. She was so out of it that she didn't wake even once during the entire exercise, right up until the moment you booped her squarely on the end of her nose.Her face scrunched up adorably, and with a pronounced wriggling of her irritated muzzle, she awoke suddenly and forcefully with a wide-eyed sneeze that you'd been lucky enough to reflexively cover your face for. "AH-CHEW! ...Sniff...sniff...Anoooon...you knooow I hate it when you do that to me...goooshhh..." She whined, her eyebrows bunched up in irritation from your antics as she pawed at your chest indignantly."Heh. I do know, but you're ever-so irresistibly cute when you sneeze, Vape. The way you're acting right now is only proving my point, actually..." You observed, smirking at her as she looked down at her kicking hooves, blushed, and curled them up against her chest. She refused to make eye contact with you and looked to the side, puffing out her cheeks in an indignant huff before releasing it in a long sigh. "...You can be so impossible sometimes, Nonny..." She grumbles, still blushing adorably as she tries not to look at you."Stiiilll not helping your case~..." You say teasingly, tickling her under the chin with one finger."Aiiieeee! ANOOON! Sometimes I wonder why I even bother with you!" She growls, batting your hand away with her hoof and dropping out of your grasp onto all fours. Muscles still not fully recovered from the afterglow, she nearly falls on her face, but trots out of the shower all the same. She grabs the largest bath towel from the rack and drapes it over her back before trotting out of the bathroom.As she leaves, you can't resist getting the last word in. "Is that cum-belly of yours not enough of a reminder? I could make it bigger, if that'd help~""I-I...that's not even...I can't believe...uuugh!" With that final exasperated huff, she slams the bathroom door behind her, leaving you alone in the shower to finish your own bathing.With a little chuckle and a shake of your head, you begin working a lather into your scalp as the dull thudding sounds of her rooting around in the kitchen pantry echo through the walls.It was only after you finished showering that you discovered she'd intentionally taken your bath towel and left her own, much smaller, one for you to attempt to dry off with.You win some, you lose some...you still considered this a decisive victory, despite the "cost."Clad in a pair of plain grey boxers, you strode into your kitchen, still toweling your hair off with Vapor's pitifully-small towel. You inhaled more than enough of her scent to leave you posting down one leg of your boxers, but you resolved yourself to ignore it long enough to prepare the two of you a meal of scrambled eggs with smoked salmon bits. It was, you reasoned, the best food you had available for fuelling a raunchy, interspecies sex-marathon...which was, needless to say, not a scenario any reasonable person would stock their pantry for...Vapor sat at the breakfast nook, watching you idly as she munched on an oat-and-honey energy bar.You glanced over your shoulder at her and cleared your throat, and causing her ears to perk towards you as you began to speak. "...So let me get this straight...I literally fucked you unconscious last night, yet somehow teasing is where you draw the line?" After a moment of silence, she sighed, setting down her energy bar. You sensed things were about to get "heavy," so to speak, so you clicked off the stove and moved to sit facing her. Brunch could wait."Oh, Anon...I really am overjoyed that you like me enough to tease me so much, I just get...a-a little overwhelmed sometimes. Hearing such...l-lewd words that make me think such....scandalous things...p-pegasi are mostly all about the "casual sex" lifestyle but my mother, an earth pony, raised me alone and was much more...reserved about s-sex. I think what my dad did to her, how he left her alone to raise me to an adult, really jaded her towards the idea of sex. B-but I, uh...don't really want to get into that too much right now. Too many memories." She fidgeted a moment, before she scooted her chair closer to yours and rested her head on your shoulder. Her soft voice soothed your ears as you gently pet her mane and encouraged her to speak."Anon...hearing you talk about such lewd things...like b-bucking me unc-conscious...so easily, gets me all embarrassed when I'm not already...y'know, h-horny. What you saw me like last night was a side of me I didn't even know I h-had...I loved it, but by the Gods, I felt like I was in some kind of fever dream the entire time. When I woke up this morning, seeing the way you'd...b-bloated me up like a living c-condom...something inside me snapped. That was why you found me, uh, h-having breakfast when you woke up this morning..." Her words came out in a stuttering stream. She was getting progressively redder in the face as she thought about last night-and this morning-and admitted her most embarrassing thoughts to you."Wow...I, umm...I had no idea...I'll be honest, I kinda just thought how you were acting was how all mares in heat acted when they couldn't take it anymore. I had no idea you were so repressed..." You said, voice full of concern for your marefriend's inner turmoil."Oh, um...most mares in heat do act like that, actually. Because, you might've noticed, we're a matriarchal society because of the gender ratio, so mares almost always end up being the aggressive ones. Stallions can be aggressive too, it's just, um...rarer..." You knit your eyebrows in confusion as she trailed off, covering her face with a wing as she shivered in place. "And...h-hotter..." She admitted in a raspy breath, almost inaudible beneath the sound of her panting.You gently pried her wing from her face and gave her a peck on the end of her muzzle. "Woah, slow your roll there, VT. Let's get something to eat before we descend back into riotous debauchery."She nodded and gave a sheepish, blushing smile that nearly melted your heart into a puddle. "O-okay."The meal had been delicious, although you'd been somewhat distracted from your own meal by her consistent groans of delight from your cooking abilities. Her sounds, combined with the sky-blue apron she'd donned while helping you finish the meal, made you want to lift her onto the nook table and enjoy "dessert," but you barely restrained yourself. Life wasn't a porno, dammit; you had to eat on here!The two of you eagerly scarfed down your meal of eggs and fish, and put your dirty plates in the sink with a clatter. The moment they came to rest, the two of you turned to look at each other, completely silent. Seizing the moment, as well as your mare, you grabbed her as she hovered next to you and put her into a bridal carry, prompting a surprised squeal from her as she wrapped her forelegs around your neck for support and fluttered her wings fitfully. "Eeeeeh! Anon, don't scare me like that!" Her attempt to sound indignant utterly failed since you could hear her giggling fitfully."But I thought you like stallions whotake charge~?" You teased, gripping the base of one of her wings. Her fit of giggling collapsed into a loud moan as her eyes squeezed shut. She went silent, wing throbbing in your grip as she began to have full-body shudders.The time for conversation and teasing had ended. Your mare was ready once again."Aaah-heeheehee!" Vapor squealed giddily as you threw her from the bridal carry to land spread-eagled upon the bed, landing with a loud POMF sound. "Ooh! What are we gonna do on the bed, Anon~?" She fluttered her eyelashes at you, giggling as she saw the bulge that instantly sprang down one leg of your boxers."H-how...how do you..." You trailed off incredulously, taking in the incredibly sexy sight of your awaiting marefriend as your brain tried and failed to process the distinctively human reference she'd just made."I raided that stash of human comics you keep under this bed and think I don't know about...you're such a naughty colt~...Heehee~..." She said, wiggling her rear at you as she tittered in amusement....The more time you spent in Equestria, the more you felt like you really were living in some kind of goofy porno-verse.As you began to approach her, she suddenly perked up and took off from the bed, grabbing a small bag from somewhere under the bed and bolting into the bedroom's attached half-bathroom, slamming the door behind her. Bewildered, you walked over and gently rapped on the door. "Uhh...Vapor? Are you okay...?""Juuust a minute, Nonny. Almost forgot something~...I've been saving this for a special night~" She teased, her voice muffled by the door.Oh God, she wasn't about to come waltzing out of there with an extra-large pony strap-on and tell you to "bend over," was she? You cautiously backed away from the door and sat on the edge of the bed, facing the bathroom door in expectation of her grand reveal.The bathroom door swung open, revealing the breathtaking sight of your mare clad in a set of silky, full-length, cyan-and-white striped socks. Somehow, a simple clothing article that was everyday attire for humans made ponies look both unbelievably cute and subtly lewd at the same time...and Vapor was certainly no exception! Combined with her half-lidded, bewitching gaze and the sultry sway to her hips as she approached you, you were left completely entranced by the gorgeous little equine temptress in your bedroom.Your preferences had certainly had quite the shift since you were dropped into Equestria, but looking at how incredibly attractive Vapor was now, you certainly couldn't complain. It was more effort than any woman had put into "looking sexy" for you back on Earth, that was for sure!You let out a yelp of surprise as Vapor abruptly pounced onto you, wings fully outstretched. She mashed her muzzle against your lips as she intentionally crash-landed into you, and you grunted as you fell back against the bed from her momentum. She eagerly ground herself against your tented boxers and stained them with her wetness, before letting out a surprised, giggling squeal into your mouth as you clapped your hands against her flanks and did some grinding of your own."Mmmh...Are you gonna...mwah...ruin me, you...shmack...huge, sexy stud~?" She panted out breathlessly between her heated moans of pleasure and brief gasps for air. The sound of your lips smacking together dominated the room as you made out with her, although she broke off the lengthy lip-lock with a long, shuddering moan as you moved your grip from her soft, tempting flanks to the bases of her outstretched wings. A splash of fem-cum soaked your boxers, which now clung tightly to your body and outlined your imposing package even more than they had been before.Vapor's dense, cloying, spring-rain scent utterly dominated your bedroom, sending you into a sexually-fueled delirium as your dick throbbed so hard you felt like it was going to explode. A mischievous glint entered your eyes, causing your mare to shudder as she stared into them.She let out a surprised yelp as you sat up, moved one hand back to her flank, and lifted her rear away from your crotch. She then watched in wide-eyed amazement, with no small amount of arousal, as a surge of lust-fuelled adrenaline allowed you to rip your marecum-sodden boxers off in a single abrupt yank, freeing your angrily throbbing member as you readied yourself to impale her on it.Slowly, agonizingly, you lowered her onto it, halting just as the tip of your member began to part her soft, clenching folds. "What do good fillies say to their studs?" You growled in her ear, causing another wave of shudders to echo through her body."P-please?" She squeaked."Please what, filly?" You nipped at her ear in admonishment, causing another orgasm to spout onto your crotch. You barely resisted the urge to abolish the teasing and go to town on her, but held firm. Restraining yourself would make it all the sweeter when things really got going."Please b-buck me, stud~!" She groaned. "I can't bucking take it anymore! Shove me onto that huge mare-breaking dick of yours and take what you own~! Bucking breed me~! Ruin m-AHHHN~!" You interrupted her desperate, increasingly lewd pleas by sending yourself balls-deep into her with a single thrust. Her dirty-talk game was far stronger than you could've possibly defended against, especially with that titillating, raspy voice of hers. The time for talking had passed...it was time to make her scream."Mmh, this is what, unh, what you wanted, right~? For me to, unh, pound you on my lap like my, unh, like my own little fucktoy~?" You grunted between firm, deep thrusts of your hips, putting a hand over her bulging tummy to feel your dick stretching her out, ensuring that nothing else in Equestria would ever be able to satisfy her."Ahhhnnn, YES~! Make me your broodmare, stud~!" Her provocative pleas triggered an aggressive, primal response from somewhere deep within you. You wrapped one arm tightly around her midsection and gripped one of her flanks tightly with your other hand, using your strength to speed up her own riding motions as you also sped up your own thrusts."Gonna pump my fuckin' foals into you so god-damned hard..." You growled in her ear, sending her into another shuddering, orgasmic fit. The head of your dick popped in and out of her cervix at frenetic speeds and turned her brain to mush in short order. No longer capable of speaking, Vapor captured your mouth in another deep, passionate kiss as the rest of her went fully limp, utterly spent.Sensing her inability to stay upright for much longer, you broke away from the sensual kiss and used your grip on her to lay back onto the bed and roll the two of you so that you were looming over her in the missionary position. Similar to the position from last night...but considerably more intimate now that she was facing you. You were able to look down at your partner and see the fucked-silly expression she wore, as well as feel her plump teats jiggling and brushing up against your belly every time you hilted her.Grunting from exertion, you felt your muscles begin to burn and balls begin to ache, the incredible undulating tightness of your mare being hell on even your impressive endurance. Observing that she'd nearly lapsed into another fuck-coma, you let the knot in your core come undone and allowed yourself your release. She moaned and writhed weakly as she felt the familiar, indescribably erotic sensation of your member swelling to an even larger size inside her, your spongy head stretching her cervix nice and wide for the oncoming torrent."Take it, my mare! Take it all! Rrragh~!" You groaned viciously.She let loose a  juddering scream as the first copious load sprayed against the back of her uterus like a firehose, and slammed her muzzle against your lips once more as her tongue blindly wiggled around inside your mouth. You felt her belly begin to swell up against your own once again, bloating out to either side and giving her the appearance of a near-term pregnant mare. The moment you thought of Vapor heavy with your child, a heavy throb went through your balls as a particularly strong spurt filled her womb to overflowing. The excess filled what little space was left in her tunnel before it erupted out of her, sending a mixture of your essences arcing over the edge of the bed and onto the floor below.The initial pressure difference having been relieved, the remainder of your excessive orgasm oozed slowly out of your joining and pooled on the sheets.  You thanked whatever crazy Equestrian magic had scaled up your orgasms to that of a horse of your size, because the primal sense of power you got from turning your marefriend into a living cum-balloon always felt utterly indescribable.Now just as exhausted as Vapor, you released the tension from your arms and legs and allowed yourself to put more of your weight on the mare beneath you. The force applied on her belly sent another large spurt out of her, and ejected your spent member from her depths to flop onto her cum-soaked inner thigh.With the last of your strength, you rolled onto your side and cuddled your mare against your chest, before throwing some of the less-soiled parts of the covers over your embrace. You gave her a peck on the forehead as you drifted off to sleep, your breathing pattern synchronizing with her own as you kept each other warm through the night.You wondered what sort of escapades tomorrow would bring...The intermittent pattering of raindrops on your bedroom window gently roused you from your slumber, although "gentle" quickly became "harsh" as a ray of sunlight broke through a gap in the rainclouds and shone directly into your eyes. You grumbled at the intrusion, forcefully squinting your eyes closed and snuggling further into the lump in bed next to you.Except...it felt less like your marefriend and a lot more like a pillow she'd cleverly substituted in her place. Opening your eyes and glancing at the space next to you confirmed this to be the case. "Uhh...babe?" You groaned out, sitting up and rubbing your eyes as you blearily glanced around the room. "Vapor? ...Where are you?" You called out.Your only response was the continued sound of the morning rain shower and the faint, muffled sound of songbirds and other animals outside. Glancing over at your nightstand, you notice a notepad with a hastily-scribbled note written on it. As you looked at it, it took a few seconds for the strange pony-runes to morph into legible English...yet another body-enchantment you would never be able to thank Princess Twilight enough for. The translator-eyes had come in handy many times, especially when you were acclimating to pony history and culture by way of the alicorn's expansive library. You swear that mare had books for everything...Wiping the sleep-crud from your eyes, you cleared out your meandering morning-brain thoughts and focused what little attention you could muster on the note Vapor had written for you.Sorry for leaving without saying anything! I panicked when I woke up because I just remembered I forgot to let Captain Spitfire know how long I'd be away for when I ran out of the Academy in my heat-craze! I'll be back later tonight, stud.~ Vapor xoxo <3A mix of anticipation and dread warred in your thoughts. It felt like too convenient an excuse...besides, wasn't it called heat week for a reason? Come to think of it...just how many of the mares at the Academy were too focused on the 'Bolts to find time for stallion-friends? Why would she need to go to the Academy for almost the entire day for what should've been a brief trip?You now had the feeling that today's "activities" were going to be even more hedonistic than the last two days had been...and that was definitely saying something.No time to waste, then...you had some errands to run.You thanked the stars for the ponies' answer to mass-transportation in such desperate times; they'd created "magi-transit" hubs in cities and towns across Equestria, which allowed even non-magical beings to teleport huge distances at relatively inexpensive prices. It distinctly reminded you of the Floo Network, except with a lot less soot, discomfort, and misdirection.You'd made your way to Ponyville and gone to the local royal guard station to arrange an escort into the Everfree; the well-trodden path to Zecora's hut was generally safe, but you didn't want to take any chances. Plus, those little unicorn mares that populated the Ponyville barracks just looked way too damned cute in that ridiculous armor of theirs. Armor which also accentuated their flanks quite nicely...especially the big, jiggling flanks in front of you. God damn, unicorns always had the best asses...You blinked rapidly and shook your head, removing yourself from that train of thought before something untoward happened with the little yellow combat-mage you were alone in the dark and scary woods with. "Dammit, brain, not helping,"  You muttered under your breath.The mage's training-sensitized ears flicked in your direction, and she giggled briefly before glancing back and giving you a cheeky wink, wiggling her flanks and making her grey-with-purple-trim mage armor rattle loudly. "We could have a go once we get back to the barracks if you'd like~..." She teased, grinning deviously at your embarrassed expression.You blushed and nervously cleared your throat out of habit. "I'm, uh, taken. I have a lead-mare, I mean," you grumbled, and politely averted your eyes from her rear as your thoughts turned to one of the biggest...cultural differences from your world: relationships.The guardsmare frowned slightly at having been brushed off, but didn't seem too perturbed as she returned to her task of leading you. If anything, she had something of a spring to her step now as she cantered in front of you, as if she considered your wandering eyes a compliment to her looks rather than the idle lechery of a perverted male.Yeah..."cultural differences" was putting it mildly.Ponies, being herd animals, were very openly polygamous and encouraged stallions to "stud themselves out" to the much larger mare population, just like Earth equines. This left you with mixed feelings. On the one hand, "free love" was mainstream here! Just like all those hippies back home wanted. On the other hand...every guy secretly wants to live out a harem fantasy (even, or perhaps especially, if it's with magical talking horses), but having that much sex and that many relationships at the same time had to be completely exhausting, bordering on unhealthy. Many men would dream to be in a world like Equestria, but just as many would regret ever wishing for it after a few months of having to deal with horny alien-horses dogpiling them at every opportunity!You had no idea how herding ever worked out for these ponies within their species, considering one little mare had been utterly decimating your much stronger human stamina as of late. Sure, you figured Vapor was a bit...okay, a lot...of a size queen, but damn, she really must be having a bad heat.Which brought your inner monologue back to the reason why you'd ventured out in the middle of nowhere in the first place: you were seeking a meeting with the Everfree's resident zebra shamaness. If RPGs had taught you anything, you knew that an apothecary like her would be capable of whipping up some stamina and virility potions for you...maybe even "super-hydration" drinks, if that was even a thing. You weren't sure what degree of physics-defying bullshit zebra magic was capable of, given that unicorn magic seemed to be limitless in application, but you were eager to find out.You were broken from your thoughts as you nearly tripped over your escort, who'd come to a stop in front of you without much warning. She rolled her eyes, gesturing to the door before taking up a defensive position next to it. "Go ahead, knock. I'll keep watch out here while you're getting things done. Uh, don't mind the creepy masks. She's pretty cool once you get to know her.""Much appreciated, Lieutenant Glimmerlance." You said. She responded with a slight nod, turning her steely gaze to the dark underbrush.You rapped out "mane-and-tail job, two bits" on the door, and hear several hoofsteps inside the hut before the door swings inward. An equine unlike any you'd ever seen in Equestria entered your vision; you weren't sure what you were expecting, but she was surprisingly similar in appearance to the pictures of Earth zebras you had seen, aside from the golden rings adorning her neck and ears and the huge, striped mohawk-mane she sported.Her eyebrows rose in increasing levels of surprise as she took in your appearance and unusual size, craning her head up to lock eyes with you. She smiled hesitantly and greeted you in a husky, melodic voice that carried a distinct North African accent. "What a surprising thing to see, for such a creature to appear before me! Come into my abode and sit, let us discuss the reason for your trip." Glancing past your large form as you ducked into the entryway of her home, she took notice of the mage standing guard outside. "Worry not my horned friend; there is no reason to defend. Please come in with your charge; my home's interior is plenty large."This world never ceased to surprise you. Sparkly unicorns, flying horses, and now zebras that speak in rhyme...what's next, a unicorn that speaks in the third person? How the heck was she even able to come up with these verses on the fly? Shaking your head, you resolved to discuss that at a later date. You needed some potions to please your mate....Dammit. Now she had you doing it, too.The guardsmare looked uncomfortable at such a breach of protocol, but shrugged and took the zebra's invitation. Zecora shut the door behind her before taking a seat in a chair next to her brewing station."Greetings, Shaman Zecora. I wanted to ask about some potions you might be able to make for me." You asked formally from the sofa across from her, resting one leg sideways on your knee. The mage took a seat next to you, scanning the door and windows for threats. It was apparent that once she focused on military-mode, it was hard to break her out of it."There is no need to be so formal; aside from the obvious, I'm quite normal. If it is truly magical brews that you seek; I assure you, I am Ponyville's peak." She said coolly, drinking from a steaming cup of tea as you and the guard also took small, testing sips. "Alright, uh, awesome. You can certainly help me, then. I need some stamina and, uh...virility potions. Possibly also some "super-hydration" drinks, if those are a thing in this world? I still don't get how the whole magic thing works." You explained. The guardsmare next to you blushed at the combination of potions you were requesting, and Zecora shot her an amused grin before turning her attention back to you."A curious combination of potions to create; am I to assume they're for your mate?" She queried, managing to keep her speech all-business despite the topic."Uhh...yeah. It's heat week for her, but I think she might be bringing some of her friends from the Wonderbolts Academy to my house to "surprise" me when I get back. I'm trying to get one step ahead of her little scheme and make some, uhh, preparations." You explain, causing Glimmerlance to give you a slightly hurt look as her brows knit together. Oh, crap...you'd already told the lieutenant "no" under the pretense of your relationship with Vapor being closed to new members.Zecora chuckled. "It never ceases to surprise me; how licentious ponies can be. In my homeland it is the norm; though compared to them, pony stallions don't perform."God, even zebra-land sounds like something out of a porno. You mentally commented."I can create the potions you seek in a flash; I fear my methods may make your enthusiasm dashed. To create these potions to full effect, certain reagents I must expect."A sinking feeling settled in your pants, as you and Glimmerlance shared a blushing glance. "Let me guess...it needs freshly extracted juices, right?""Right on the nose; that is, indeed, what I propose." She glanced at the empty teacups on the table, and got up from her seat to trot over to her woodstove. "While you discuss things with your escort mare, I shall make some more tea to clear the air." With that, she left you to a shared awkward silence."Sooo...about what I was sayin' earlier. I've never actually, uh..." Her coarse, tomboyish voice trailed off, blushing as she tapped her hooves together and created a metallic clinking from her combat horseshoes. "...Yeah. It turns out most stallions aren't all that crazy about a mare in uniform. It makes them think I'm uppity and old-fashioned for wanting to protect them, or something like that. Being a unicorn doesn't help. Now that my actions are being thrown back in my face like this, though...I really dunno what to say, dude. My past interactions with guys amount to "yes, sir"s and the occasional teasing of newb squaddies."You hugged her armored body into your side with one hand and ruffled the portion of mane sticking out of her helm with the other, causing her to let out an indignant squeal as she recoiled from you and fussed with the mane you'd disturbed. "God, I never thought a combat mage could be this fuckin' adorable.""Ugh, don't call me that! I've known you for twenty minutes, I don't even let my parents get away with that much mushy stuff!" She complained, sticking her tongue out at you afterwards. Her "blep"ing only managed to make her look more adorable, if that was even possible."Your time spent here is valuable indeed, when at home you've mares in need." Zecora reminded the two of you, interrupting the back-and-forth teasing. She set a tray with a new, steaming pot of tea and a clean pair of wooden cups on the table. The lieutenant inclined her head in thanks, and then lifted the pot with her telekinetic aura and filled both cups.You swore the color of this tea, unlike the previous one, had some sort of reddish tint to it, but didn't pay it much mind. If the Princess of Friendship trusted her, you doubted it was anything to be worried about. Even if a third cup was conspicuously absent from the tray... And the zebra was looking at the two of you as if expecting something to happen...You reasoned that she probably just wanted to make sure the two of us enjoyed the blend, and lifted the cup to your lips and took a sip; Glimmerlance did as well. Your expressions brightened; this was the best tea you'd ever had! It sent a rush of pleasant tingling through your body from your head to your toes, and you could tell from the way the mage was shivering that she was experiencing the same sensation. She even moaned! From drinking tea!Normally you would've taken that moan as a warning sign (nobody, not even Rarity, enjoyed tea that much), but for some reason a heady, delirious haze had descended upon you and begun to cloud your thoughts.  You felt the spark of heat within your core transform into a flame of lust as you gazed at her flushed cheeks, fluffy chest, and those wide, foal-bearing flanks squishing into Zecora's couch. By pony standards, the mare must be at least a 7/10...were ponies really so hung up on gender roles that they focused on personality without even considering the enormity of "dat flank"?You heard the mare next to you give out a shuddering squeak, and noticed that sometime during your inner monologue of ass-worship, your hand had wandered down her armored back and come to rest with a firm grip on her squishy right cheek. "God damn, why does every one of you unicorns have such a fat fuckin' ass? Spendin' all your days readin' books and sippin' tea and shit...unf..." You muttered, your grip turning into a deep-tissue massage that caused the mare to go limp and fall over onto her side from the pleasure."Ooogh...I don't know what the buck was in that tea, but if this is what drinkin' it gets me, I'm definitely not complainin'..." She groaned, lighting her horn and teleporting her armor off to land in a clattering pile next to the front door. Seconds later, she did the same with your own clothes as well, leaving you stark naked. "I buckin' love human hands already...now I see why that crazy turquoise mare in town is always rantin' and ravin' about 'em...""Mmh...I'm about to make you love these hands even more, Glimmy~" You teased, scratching her behind her ears with one hand as your other continued to vigorously grope her flank."Hey...I didn't give ya permission to start using pet na-ahhhn~..." Her halfhearted admonishment trailed off into a moan as you tweaked her erect teats with one hand and stuck three fingers of your other hand knuckle-deep into her winking marehood. The sudden intrusion caused her to spasm and gush around your wriggling digits, and Zecora trotted over and wordlessly held an empty potion bottle below her dripping-wet pussy, capturing her essence as it leaked out of her."About another pint I'll need, please continue to do the deed~..." The zebra whispered huskily into your ear, her turquoise eyes twinkling with mischief. "After this mare has been pleased, we shall go about gathering your seed~"Your face lit up in a blush as the zebra's coy, suggestive growls sunk into your hormone-addled brain, though both of your attentions became fixed upon Glimmerlance as she began feverishly panting and writhing on the couch. "H-haaah...oh, Anon...Anooon...ANOOON, I'M CUUUMIIING!" She reached her peak in a feverish shriek. Fizzles of raw, unfocused magic erupted from her horn in sparkling bursts, as her eyes rolled into the back of her head and her powerful muscles writhed and rippled underneath her coat.Prompted by the onset of her orgasm, Zecora removed your hand from Glimmer's spasming cunt and shoved the opening of the bottle directly against her marehood just as it winked open; the sensation of cool glass against her overwhelmed, steaming-hot pussy sent her into such an intense secondary orgasm that it looked like the mare was having a seizure.Glancing up at the mare's face, you noticed with some alarm--even through the haze of your arousal--that her eyes had turned a blinding, radiant white. An ominous humming sound and turquoise glow were rapidly building from her horn. You felt an uncomfortable tingle in your mouth as if your tongue were touching a 9-volt battery, causing you to shudder from the odd sensation.Twilight Sparkle had educated you about the warning signs of a surge back when you'd first arrived; apparently it was something all pony foals were taught at a young age. At the time, you hoped you'd never have to deal with such a thing, particularly because the only advice she had for a non-magical creature like you was "run, and don't look back.""Oh, fuck." You muttered, frantically tapping Zecora on the shoulder. She looked up at you as she corked the filled bottle of marecum, and her eyes widened in panic as she finally noticed that the combat mage lying on her couch was surging. With a shout of alarm, she ran for a potion shelf on the far wall, but you could already tell from how brightly the lieutenant's horn was glowing that she wouldn't get there and back quickly enough for it to matter before you'd all end up caught in the release of violent, unfocused energies. (In other words, a big magical boom.)Muttering prayers to whatever passed for a deity in this crazy pony-verse, you took matters into your own hands, leaping on top of the surging mare and taking the top half of her horn into your mouth.You felt the beginnings of something erupt from her horn, and everything went white.With a pained groan, you slowly opened your bleary, unfocused eyes. Everything hurt, yet for some reason you felt...invigorated. The confusing mix of sensations going through your body was put to the sidelines as you sat up from your prone position on the floor and focused on the image of complete devastation surrounding you.Gelatinous, turquoise goo coated everything in a six-foot radius around Zecora's couch, and your throat felt tingly and raw. You could see twinkles of light from within the strange goo as it oozed off of surfaces, the occasional splat sounding as bits of it fell to the floor. Zecora laid unmoving against the far wall, buried underneath a potion shelf that had collapsed onto her after she'd, presumably, been flung into it.Glimmerlance laid unconscious on the couch, although in considerably better shape; she appeared to be peacefully sleeping despite the sparkly slime coating her body. The bottle of marecum that Zecora had gathered lay shattered in a puddle next to her cauldron.You felt a dull tingling from your crotch and glanced down, your jaw falling open in shock as your eyes nearly popped out of your head. Somehow, your already decently long length had grown to around a foot long and nearly a soda-can in diameter. You hesitantly reached down and prodded it with a finger, wincing and groaning as the sharp poking sensation that confirmed that yes, it was real, and no, you weren't dreaming. "Wh...what in the absolute fuck...?" You said breathlessly, staring at your prodigious new length.You were startled from your trance as Zecora tapped you on the shoulder. She looked slightly bruised up, but otherwise none the worse for wear...aside from the mixture of various potions that had been splattered all over her, that is. "It seems that magical surge made you better than new; you clearly don't need my potions now, do you~?" Zecora commented huskily, hearts beginning to form in her eyes as she slowly stroked the base of your dick. "Even a zebra male would be hard-pressed, to have such length at their behest..." Her rhymes were getting increasingly lewder and less restrained, and you felt somewhat light-headed from the unhealthy amount of blood rushing to your stiffening, pulsing member. You wondered what was in those potions Zecora had gotten spilled all over herself, but knowing how things seemed to be going this week, you were sure every single one of them was something lewd.She didn't seem intimidated at all by the comical, life-threatening size difference...it was reaching all the way to her chest at full erection...and if anything, she seemed even more turned on by it. Either the potions had completely addled her mind, or Zecora transcended Vapor's "size queen" status and went all the way to "size empress.""Yo, dude, what the buck?" Glimmerlance groaned, rubbing the side of her aching head as she stared wide-eyed at your room-dominating pillar of flesh, any tiredness an afterthought in the face of your immense dick. "I knew I was pent up, but by the Sun, how hard did my horn blow? The whole place is covered!" She looked around in astonishment, grimacing as she lifted a foreleg from the couch. It came up with strings of magical mayonnaise clinging to it, a wet shplop sounding out as she jumped off the couch and onto the equally-covered floor.Attempting to join in on the cock-worship Zecora was lavishing you with, she let out a startled yelp as one of her back hooves caught in a blob of goo, sending her tumbling facefirst into your plump balls. The impact was mercifully nowhere near as debilitatingly painful as you expected it to be, and you soon forgot about anything else entirely as Zecora began trying to fit the head of your soda-can-thick dick into her mouth, at the same time as Glimmer began lavishing your full, sensitive balls in an unending assault of licks and sucks. Your length pulsed and erupted a half-cup of pre all over itself and on Zecora's face, running down the dorsal vein of your new penis and directly into Glimmer's eager, greedy maw. The salty taste and dense, cloying musk that surrounded you sent the mares' heads spinning, causing their eyes to roll into the back of their skulls as they moaned, groaned, and mindlessly worshipped your unbelievably massive spire."Mmh...pop!...all your seed I must harvest...shlrp...to put my burning loins to rest~..." Zecora groaned out feverishly, between her attempts at making out with your cockslit. All pretense of extracting your seed for her potions had evidently flown out the window. "Nuh uh, these huge buckin' balls are mmpf alllll mine, he's been wantin' to pound foals into my "fat fuckin' ass" ever since he met me~..." Glimmer said feverishly, wiggling her ass back and forth and causing her plump, round flanks to jiggle in front of you. "It was all I could do not to pin him down and wring some foals outta him on the way here~! Unhhh, buck, these smell so goooood~..." She growls, trailing off as she buries her face in your balls."Hold on a fuckin' second, will you, you crazy cock-hungry mares? God!" You growled, lifting them both away from your dick by the scruff of the neck and causing them to freeze, intimidated into inaction. "The only womb this new dick is claiming is Vapor's until further notice...got that~?"The mares both nodded rapidly, and continued to lavish you in mindless affection the moment you released them. "I'm...mmf, fuck...glad we understand each other." You mutter, groaning in ecstasy as the two girls sandwich your dick in a tight hug, bouncing up and down and grinding their soft bellies onto your cock.The two of them whimper as you wrap your arms around their waists and begin humping upward furiously, causing them to bounce aimlessly as strings of drool fly from their mouths. Glimmer's eyes roll into the back of her head and she squealed as her clit ground against your balls, the curled hairs teasing and stimulating her aching marehood; Zecora let out a deep, sensual moan from the stimulation, showing more restraint than the clearly-inexperienced guard.The sounds of ecstasy were cut short as Zecora grabbed the back of Glimmer's head and mashed their lips together, beginning a heated make-out session over the head of your cock that sent you into a fresh bout of throbbing from the sight. Spurts of your pre splashed against their necks and faces, intensifying the mares' fervor as they occasionally broke the lip-lock to scoop up preseed from the other's body, adding it to their licentious lip-locking whenever they rejoined.This erotic combination of sight, sound, and feeling left you helpless to resist your steadily building climax, and you swore you could hear an ominous rumbling sound as it approached. At first you thought you were imagining it, but when both mares glanced down at your swollen spire and shuddered in anticipation, you realized it definitely wasn't your imagination. "Oh, fuck...oh, fuck...ohfuck-" Your movements ground to a halt as you saw stars, the mares still slowly grinding their bellies on either side of you.Both of them pointed their open muzzles at your cockhead as they felt the first of a series of bulges traveling up your length. Your vision went completely white as an inferno of pleasure overtook your senses, your thick, virile seed fountaining from your tip to completely coat both mares' upper bodies. A few seconds into the salvo, Glimmer grinned deviously as she grabbed the back of the zebra's mane and forced her mouth to engulf your spasming head and then the rest of you.Zecora's eyes bugged out as streamers of your cum erupted from her nostrils and the corners of her mouth, though her eyelids gradually lowered as your oversized organ traveled deeper and deeper into her. Your essence bulged out her neck and stomach obscenely as a lewd gulping sound dominated the room, your copiously orgasming dick filling up the shamaness like a striped eclair. Her face was a mix of orgasmic delirium and a burning lack of oxygen, eyes completely unfocused as her limbs twitched aimlessly. Zecora had officially checked out of Hotel Equus.Glimmer finally relented once the other mare's stomach had bloated to the size of a basketball, wrenching her near-unconscious companion off of your cock with a grunt of exertion. Her jaw dropped in surprise as your orgasm continued on even further, blasting her directly in her open mouth as your cockhead popped out of Zecora's thoroughly abused maw and the thoroughly sated mare flopped onto her side.Slamming her mouth closed after the first mouthful of your seed, Glimmer seemed to get a devious idea as her eyes twinkled with mischief, your own gaze dizzily locking with hers before she turned around, lifted her rear in the air, aimed your dick with her magic, and butt-slammed her big, puffy ponut directly onto your spit-slickened, still-erupting cock. Your hands clapped onto her huge cheeks, fingers sinking into her plush posterior as your magically-augmented dick thoroughly impaled the ambitious little horse."Ooh, BUCK! Pound my fat flanks full of your cum, dude~!" She squealed rapturously, slamming her ass reverse-cowgirl onto you and giving you a loud, lewd, unforgettable show as her ass clapped against your thrusting hips and ribbons of your unbelievable orgasm streamed out from her clenching ponut, pooling on your waist and between her cheeks. You could just barely see the edges of her bulging stomach extending out from either side of her.You gave a loud groan as you bottomed out one last time in her ass, the final dregs of your orgasm being wrung out of you by her clenching, writhing depths as they took the last of your stamina with them. You slumped back onto the couch as Glimmer, still thoroughly connected, fell back with you, flopping against your chest as her. "...Sun, moon, n' stars! That was quite the rodeo...Where have you been all my life~?" She moaned, wiggling her hips and grinding your spent cock against her flooded walls, sending a shudder through both of you.A loud shplop sounded out from your joining as your magical augmentations left you, uncorking the lake of seed you'd entombed within her depths and sending it flooding out of her, covering your crotch and the floor in front of the couch with a pool of your thick cum. A groan to your side informed you that Zecora had returned to consciousness just in time to see the mess you'd made of her home...not that it hadn't already been ruined by Glimmer's massive horngasm. "Oogh...One of the better meals I've had, the taste of your...unh...burp...essence is not all that bad~" The zebra groaned. "One with the horn, if your mind is not worn; please float the green potion to restore me to motion." She weakly gestured over to a potion bottle with an "E" label and a green substance on it. The bottle shakily lifted up in Glimmer's shimmering turquoise aura and floated over to Zecora, who caught it out of the air and downed the entire bottle in one go.As if lightning had struck her, Zecora jolted off the couch and landed all four hooves on the floor. She nearly fell over when the inertia of her cum-belly caught up with her, but held firm with a rosy blush tinting her cheeks. "Ahh...Just the brew I needed to recover from getting seeded~...now, let's make some of those potions you needed." Eerie green flames rose to life under Zecora's cauldron as she trotted into her storage room.The burbling of Zecora's cauldron, combined with the warm feelings of afterglow, lulled you and Glimmer into a peaceful drowsiness. You put one hand on her fluffy chest and another on the pudge you'd given her, as the two of you drifted off to sleep to the sounds of the shaman working her unique brand of magic.An insistent prodding against your side sharply roused you into consciousness, nearly jerking you out of your seat on the couch as you shouted inarticulately in confusion. Creaking your eyes open, you stared blearily at Zecora, who watched you awaken with a concerned frown. "Apologies for the dreamland intrusion, but I'm sure you don't want to cause your mare any confusion..." She gestured to the nearby window, where dusk was beginning to settle on Equestria.Shit. You had to get home before Vapor arrived with her "surprise." You also didn't relish the idea of having to walk through the Everfree at night...especially since you'd cumflated your guard escort into uselessness with a giant magic penis. As hot as it had been at the time, you were deeply regretting that now.Speaking of that guard...you glanced down to see Glimmerlance looking up at you with a similarly concerned, and mildly dizzy, expression. Her ears had been ground-zero next to your mouth when you'd shouted. You winced and patted her head in apology, gently lifting her off of you and setting her on the couch cushion next to yours. "Geeze, dude, I was enjoying that buck-coma..." She groaned indignantly.Her eyes brightened as she glanced around the room, and she commented to Zecora, "Woah...I oughtta hire you to clean the barracks sometime. Sun knows those dummies can't even wash a plate. Where did it all...?" She began to ask but trailed off as she noticed a wooden potion-tray of around a dozen bottles at Zecora's hooves, each filled to the neck with sparkling, turquoise, gelatinous... "You bottled my horngasm?! What the buck?!"Zecora merely chuckled. "It was a convenient method of cleaning, though I quickly realized another meaning; it serves as energy, enhancement, and fluid all-in-one, the perfect recipe for infinite fun~...""...I'd be more upset at how gross it was if it wasn't also kinda brilliant. Good on ya, Zecora." Glimmerlance conceded with a shrug.You groaned, rubbing your eyes in exasperation at the absurdity of the situation. "I definitely didn't anticipate drinking horn-jizz from a bottle when I started this journey of debauched insanity..." Glimmer and Zecora shared a brief laugh at your remark.The mage groaned as she began trying to lift herself off of the couch; her bloated cum-belly wobbled and sloshed audibly as she dropped into an unsteady stance on the floor. "Guhhh, human cum is so buckin' dense...I feel like I'm gonna pop..." She bemoaned, rubbing her sore guts with one of her forehooves.You waggled your finger at her in admonishment. "It ain't always that dense...and you're the one who shoved my magically-augmented cock up your plothole!""Urp...we all do stupid things when we're horny..." Glimmer countered halfheartedly, dropping into a sitting position on the floor as the weight hanging from her undercarriage became unbearably uncomfortable. Suddenly, she put her hoof to her face with a small clop sound. "I'm such a buckin' idiot..." She groaned, as her horn twinkled with spell formation.You heard a muffled, sucking shlurrrp as the bulge in Glimmer's gut rapidly disappeared, and she groaned in discomfort and shuddered as the spell completed. "Okay, maybe teleporting all the cum out of my ass wasn't such a great idea after all...ugh." The mare slowly got to her hooves, sighing in relief as the loss of extra weight allowed her to stand much more easily. "But, heh, at least I can walk now. Let's hit the road, dude."Her horn twinkled with arcane energy once more, and you closed your eyes as a bright flash of teleportation filled your vision. When your vision returned to you, you noticed that both your clothing and the mage's armor had teleported back onto their respective owners. Your eyes widened, impressed at her skill. "Damn, I fuckin' love magic." You muttered, causing Glimmer to blush and shuffle her hooves uncomfortably from the praise.Zecora chuckled in mirth. "Magic in Equestria is such a commonality; many forget how amazing it truly is to bend the fabric of reality."  She trotted over to her front door and put a hoof on the knob, and gave the two of you a wan smile. "I hope you have enjoyed your stay, though there are other mares you now must lay~. As fun as this visit has been, all good things must come to an end."You nodded, getting to your feet as Glimmerlance lifted the crate of potions in her magical aura, a slight tinkling sounding out as they jostled in their container. "Thanks so much for the assist, Zecora. Feel free to visit any time you're around Cloudsdale." You said."And feel free to visit me in Ponyville anytime you'd like..." Glimmer growled, licking her lips at the zebra.Zecora nodded and wordlessly opened her door as the two of you left her forest abode.Glimmerlance erected a magical shield around the two of you as you made your way through the frightening forest, although thankfully the two of you remained unmolested for the duration of your journey back to Ponyville.Arriving at the town's magical transit hub, you noticed Glimmer shooting you a hesitant look while biting her bottom lip. "Uhh...Anon? I was wondering if, uh...I just, I had a really great time at Zecora's...I don't know if your mare would be okay with it but, uh..." Her meandering speech pattern and the increasingly red blush on her cheeks caused you to grin knowingly at her. "...CanIjoininonyourorgytonight?" The question left her mouth in a faint squeak, and she "meep"ed and slammed a hoof to her muzzle the moment she finished speaking. Her armor disappeared in a flash of magic, causing passing ponies to raise an eyebrow and blush at her odd behavior.You abruptly bent down and swept the pony up into your arms, causing her to yelp and nearly drop the crate of potions. Bystanders continued staring, mares and stallions both having flashes of envy at your display of public affection. She squeaked and flailed in discontent as you ruffled her mane, batting her hooves at your hand. "Aww, the cute little horse wants another dicking, does she~?" You growled at her, low enough that other ponies couldn't hear. Her face lit up cherry-red, although she rapidly and enthusiastically nodded, her ears flopping about as her horn nearly jabbed you multiple times. "Heh...alright. I get the feeling Vapor won't mind too much. The more the merrier, as they say~" With a boop on her snoot, you walk over to the booth with her still in your arms, pay the blushing attendant for two personal tickets and one cargo ticket, and walk over to the row of departure points.Glimmer sets the potions down onto the first pad and hops out of your arms, taking up position on the second. You give her a small salute, causing her to giggle and roll her eyes as she hits the "send" button, both her and the potions disappearing in a flash and the implosive bang of teleportation. You hop onto the third pad and jab its button, and Ponyville disappears in a blur of light and sound.The two of you arrive at your apartment well into the evening. You hurriedly unlock the door and step inside, holding it open for Glimmer as she floats the rack of potions past the threshold. "Lemme know where ya...want...them?" She says as she trots into the living room, stopping in her tracks."Just set those...on the...the table..." You also trail off as you enter the room, your movements also grinding to a halt. Your jaw drops open in astonishment.The table you'd mentioned was currently otherwise occupied by a purple-coated, spiky-turquoise-maned pegasus mare lying spread-eagled on her back. You're sure you've seen her around the academy before, but her name escapes you right now, along with most other thoughts. Your marefriend is sitting at the end of the table, muzzle-deep in Spiky-Mane's pony-snatch with her eyes screwed shut...you're also given a perfect angle of the way Vapor is hoofing herself off as she eats the other mare out.Equally as unfamiliar and captivating is the wavy-maned, bow-wearing mare who's currently riding Spiky-Mane's face, grinding her dripping-went pussy into the mare's ravenous mouth. She's facing you, fluffy chest and plump teats bared fully for your hungry, wandering eyes. Her own eyes are squeezed shut and she's moaning uncontrollably, which probably explains why she didn't instantly notice you the moment you entered the room.The three pegasi formed a moaning, squealing, groaning, writhing, wantonly hedonistic tableau in the middle of your living room; a scene which grinds to an abrupt halt the moment the sound of your keys slipping from your fingers and hitting the floor reaches their ears. Vapor and Wavy-Mane's eyes shoot open and lock onto you. Vapor removes her soaked, matted muzzle from Spiky-Mane's pussy and gives you a hesitant smile, though it trails off into a confused, wary look as she notices the unicorn next to you.Spiky-Mane shuffles uncomfortably as the two mares accosting her cease their movements, her pleasure halted. She blindly and mindlessly continues eating out Wavy, who squeals and leaps off of her face, landing with a "pomf" and a flurry of feathers on the nearby couch. Confused and angered by the loss of stimulation, Spiky sits up from the table, immediately locking eyes with you. "...Ah. Hey, 'sup." She greets casually as she winks her marehood at you and flutters her tail. She grins victoriously as she notices your dumb, slack-jawed stare at her spread legs."...Happy Hearts and Hooves Day!" Vapor says with a grin bright enough to melt the iciest of hearts. "I got you your favorite present!" Any day your marefriend brings you no-questions-asked free pussy was practically a national holiday, as far as you were concerned. That went double, considering today apparently was a national holiday...turns out commercialism was alive and well in both corners of the universe. "...I even got you twins~!" She added cheerily, grinning like a cat that'd brought you a dead mouse as she gestured to the two blushing, stunned-silent mares.This day had officially rocketed past the normal "national holiday" tier. God, you loved your marefriend so much."Meet Cloudchaser and Flitter, the most deviant pair of sisters in the whole Academy!" She exclaimed happily, gesturing first to Spiky-Mane and then to Wavy-Mane."...Damn, dude, your marefriend's a keeper." Glimmerlance commented, breaking you from your reverie.Vapor's eyebrows knit in confusion as she glanced at the mare, and then looked at you expectantly. "...Uh, Anon, who is she, anyway?"...Oh, fuck. Damage control time. You and Glimmer shared a "hand-in-the-cookie-jar" nervous glance, as you began to explain the day's events and what led up to Glimmer's tagging-along tonight.Vapor and the two sisters had moved to sit three-abreast on your couch; you and Glimmerlance sat on the loveseat facing them.Your marefriend stared between the two of you in slack-jawed astonishment, her face a bright-red blush. You nervously awaited her verbal response; you weren't sure how big of a deal adultery was in this universe, considering how freely they treated sex most of the time. You hoped you hadn't ruined your relationship with the kindest, most beautiful, utterly closet-deviant mare you'd ever met."Damn, dude. I thought my sex life was crazy. Ow! Fliiittyyy~!" Cloudchaser commented wryly, interrupted by her sister jabbing her in the side."Not the time, Cici!" Flitter hissed.Glimmer nervously cleared her throat next to you, catching Vapor's attention. "For, uh, what it's worth...I'm not a homewrecker or anything, and I don't wanna take lead mare from you. If you want me gone, I'll walk outta here and never talk to you or Anon ever again.""N-no, no...I...I'm not mad, or anything. I trust that no matter what Anon gets up to during the day, he'll always come back to me in the end. If he'd run off with you and Zecora for a day or more, then I'd be mad that he didn't at least invite me to go with him-" Vapor explained, causing you to splutter in astonishment. God, this universe was crazy. "But the fact he brought you back with him shows that my big-hearted human really does appreciate your company...or at least, uh, parts of your company...heehee~" She trailed off, giggling. "I was going to ask him if he wanted to try out multiple mares tonight...I was worried, since I know his culture is weird about having multiple romantic partners, but it looks like that won't be a problem after all~..." She gave Glimmer a predatory grin, which caught the mare off-guard and sent her into a fresh fit of blushing and stammering.God, not only did she not mind today's escapade, she's probably only disappointed that she didn't get to join in! You really didn't remember Vapor being this much of a deviant at any point before this week, but a combination of the past few days' sexual experiences and her uncontrollable hormones seems to have awakened a rampaging beast inside her.Glimmer shook off her blush as she remembered the tray of potions she'd carried to your apartment. "Haha, well, it looks like things worked out perfectly tonight, eh Anon~? I've got a special present for you three lucky ladies...check this out!"Neither of you had gone into details about how things had happened earlier today, which meant they really were in for a surprise of epic proportions when they saw what Glimmer's horn-jizz turned you into. You plucked the potion bottle out of the air as Glimmer floated it over to you, the three mares watching in confusion and a little bit of disgust as they watched the sparkling goo sliiide slowly out of the neck of the bottle and down your gulping throat."Is...that what I think it is?" Vapor commented, looking both fascinated and turned-on as she noted the similarity between the sparkling goo and Glimmerlance's eye color."Yup! Straight from the tap~..." The unicorn wiggled her eyebrows at the three other mares, causing them all to blush. The last of the contents slid down your throat as you slammed the potion bottle down onto the coffee table with a clatter, bringing the females' attention back to you.The four mares watched in horny, dumbfounded awe as a positively massive bulge formed in the crotch of your pants, nearly bursting the seams of the Rarity-made jeans you wore. You let out a groan as a large glob of pre erupted from your head, staining a large portion of your jeans in a single burst. Your pants felt uncomfortably tight against your swelling balls, which throbbed and pulsed as they begged for freedom."Sun and moon, it's just as hot to watch now as it was the first time..." Glitter muttered under her breath."Holy buck." Vapor, Cloudchaser, and Flitter all said simultaneously. The dense, mind-altering scent of your pre began to waft towards them, turning their pupils heart-shaped as they started drooling in desire. Their eyelids lowered as their wings rose to full extension, looking ready to jump off the couch and tackle you at any moment."Biggest buckin' cock I've ever seen..." Cloudchaser commented, drooling. Her sister nodded dumbly in agreement, eyes locked on your burgeoning erection."By the sun, Anon!" Vapor exclaimed, "How in Tartarus could any mare possibly take that to the base?!""Why don't you lovely ladies come over here and find out~?" You growled. The three of them shuddered, before bolting off of the couch and burying you underneath a writhing mass of horny pegasi. Glimmer watched from the sidelines in amusement, slowly hoofing herself to the sight.Cloudchaser shoved her tongue in your mouth and gave a long moan as her forehooves curled around your neck. Flitter and Vapor clumsily undid your shirt and pants with their hooves; your marefriend growled in frustration at the cloth barrier denying her from her prize, before gripping the button of your fly in her teeth and tearing it off with a quick, sudden motion. She recoiled as your bulging underwear surged forth from the damaged denim and nearly struck her in the muzzle, but dove right back into your crotch at the same frenetic pace as she buried her face in your barely-restrained package and licked your balls through your undergarments.With a similar level of horny frustration, Flitter gave up on your shirt's buttons and tore it open, sending them scattering through your living room. With your bare chest freed, the mare began running her hooves over your chest and licking your pectorals and abs.You wouldn't have liked most of what they were doing if they were human, but ponies' erotic fixation on smell and taste was quickly becoming its own little xenophilic fetish of yours. Ponies wore their emotions with a flashing neon sign in pretty much every situation, and their sexuality was certainly no exception.Vapor gripped the waistband of your underwear with both hooves, drooling as she slooowly pulled it down over your package and revealed more of your turgid flesh to her greedy eyes. She flinched as your dick sprang forth from its prison, though her eyes remained fixed on your cock as it sprang up and cast an imposing shadow over her. Her eyes widened as she realized what was about to happen, but she did nothing to avoid it as your massive member struck her forehead with a meaty smack, resting past her ears and drooling pre down the back of her head. A wave of your pungent, masculine musk assaulted her brain, completely shutting down her higher functions as her nostrils flared, pupils constricted, and jaw slackened dumbly.Flitter's eyes bugged out once she noticed the enormity of the prick crushing Vapor's face, and quickly ceased her obsession with your chest. Eyes still locked on the erotic spectacle below, she blindly tapped her sister on the shoulder, causing her to disengage from the lengthy French kiss you'd been enjoying with her. "What gives, sis?" CC whined, expression strained with an annoyance that quickly bled away to shock as she glanced downward. "...Oh holy Celestia...how can anyone have a cock that buckin' big?" She marveled breathlessly as both purple pegasi slid off the couch and sat next to your overwhelmed marefriend, eye-level with your weapon of mare destruction.Vapor suddenly sprung into action like a switch had been flipped, getting out from underneath your dominating presence as she lifted your crown to her lips. She moaned and groaned cutely as her brows knitted from the strain of trying to fit your dick in her mouth. It would have trouble fitting in her pussy, let alone her maw, and her efforts demonstrated as much; she contented herself with ravenously licking and kissing your head, sending your mind reeling. The sisters quickly added their own greedy mouths to the equation, slathering your length and balls in pony saliva as you leaned back and reveled in the worship of your throbbing organ. "Unh...fuck yeah..." You groaned, involuntarily rocking your hips as the sensations set your nerves alight with white-hot pleasure.Glimmer leaned up against you, whispering in your ear as your head lolled from side to side in ecstasy. "Mmh, yeah, does that feel good, stud? Doesn't it make you wanna pin 'em down on that table and show 'em who the boss is? You ain't just gonna let them bully ya like this, riiight~?" She growled suggestively. "We mares get feisty when we're around a stallion we really like..." She reached down to your crotch and put both forehooves on Vapor's head, causing the mare's eyes to shoot wide open. Her brows crinkled in a mix of fear and longing, anxious at what she might be about to do. She got her answer soon enough. "...You need to...Yank. The. Bucking. Reigns." Glimmer punctuated her statement by shoving your marefriend's head further and further onto your throbbing tool, sending her into a fit of panic (and you into the throes of ecstasy) as her throat spasmed around your impossibly large dick. Cut off from her ministrations by Vapor's involuntary deepthroat, Cloudchaser's jaw dropped as she took in the completely impossible yet incredibly erotic sight of her friend's esophagus getting utterly destroyed by your magically-augmented cock.Regaining her composure, Cloudchaser giggled mischievously and began licking the bulge in Vapor's throat, causing both of you to shudder from the oddly erotic sensation. Flitter continued to mindlessly lick and suck on your pulsing nuts, which had swollen to the size of tangerines as your orgasm steadily built.Vapor whimpered as her eyes rolled back in her head, her face turning a worrying shade of blue as she started to asphyxiate. "Mmph, I swear I have to do everything..." Glimmer grunted, noticing the lack of movement from both of you. "Move your buckin' hips, already! This little lady can't massage your monster cock with her throat if she's passed out on it!"Groaning in ecstasy, you gently put a hand at the back of your marefriend's head and began slowly and ponderously humping your crotch in her muzzle. She moaned deeply and stared at you with unfocused, heart-shaped pupils, taking sharp, fitful inhales through her nose as her erotic gulps, slurps, and moans echoed through your living room. "That's more like it~! C'mon though, I know you can go harder than that! Wreck her cute little face like you wrecked my fat ass!"The vivid reminder of the guard's incredible memory-foam flank impaled on your dick sent you to new heights of arousal, gritting your teeth as you firmly gripped both sides of Vapor's head and began properly pounding the pegasus's tight throat. Her face was nearly unrecognizable, matted with a mixture of frothy horse-sweat, your gluey pre, and her own spittle and involuntary tears. Her wispy mane was heavy and awash with sweat, partly covering her eyes as she embraced the situation, closed her eyes, and submitted to your will.  "Fill her belly, Anon! Give her a nice, big meal! Turn her into your buckin' cumdumpster!" Glimmer encouraged you fervently, eyes mad with pleasure as she vigorously hoofed herself off.Between Glimmer's debaucherous, fetishist dirty talk and the three pegasi's unbelievably hot ministrations, it didn't take long to send you plummeting over the cliff of pleasure. With a deep groan, you forced her down to the base as your cock pulsed, swelled, and exploded directly into your marefriend's stomach. She gave cute, surprised little groans as she took your load like the blowjob champion she was, her stomach rapidly distending beneath her. "Mmf...fuck! That's a good...girl! Swallow it...all! Mmph...fuck yeah!" You growled out, emphasizing your spurts with shallow humps into her greedy maw. Flitter squealed in surprised pleasure as the sensation of your twitching balls against her lips sent her over the edge, gibbering mindlessly as the mere spectacle of your virility gave her a small orgasm.Glimmer let out a shriek as you reached your peak, shuddering and writhing next to you on the couch as she bore witness to the climax of your mind-destroying facefuck.Your titanic load petered out as Vapor's belly squished into the floor. God above...not even Zecora had been able to hold as much as this stretchy little pony. She really was determined to put her all into your lovemaking! Glimmer, Flitter, and Cloudchaser sat back and watched in awe (and no small amount of envy) as you dragged your marefriend's fucked-stupid face off of your cock, pulling free with a plorp as a surge of your steaming, gluey seed erupted from her mouth and oozed down her neck and chest. Cloudchaser eagerly returned to her ministrations on Vapor's front, slurping up the dregs of your facefucking as she groaned from the taste and texture of your cum. The moment her neck was clean, her eyes rolled back and she flopped facefirst onto the floor, out like a light as she rubbed her immobilizing stomach with a contented smile."Buck...could apply wallpaper or patch a leak with this stuff..." CC commented as she shuddered in ecstasy and anticipation of what was yet to come. "I bet that fat dick could breed all of Ponyville in a single spurt! And all of Cloudsdale...and all of Canterlot...Equestria...Equus..." She trailed off, drooling. "It's just so. Bucking. HUGE! Sun and stars, he just BROKE a mare and he's still as stiff as a flagpole!" It was true. You had wilted briefly after your orgasm, but returned to your full bitch-breaking hardness mere seconds later. Horn jizz was a hell of a drug.Speaking of that... "You - huff - should give Vapor one of those "potions"...maybe some for yourselves too..." You panted, reclining deep into the couch cushions as you recovered from your mind-rendingly intense orgasm. "We should also probably try to move to my bedroom..."Glimmer grinned deviously. "Good point...we don't know what my cum does to mares, do we? I guess we're about to find out~" She teased, floating everypony a bottle from the rack. She gently prodded Vapor into barely-coherent wakefulness, and held the bottle to the pegasus's lips in her magical aura. "Bottoms up, ladies..."A chorus of gulps drowned out all other sounds in the room as they swallowed the thick, energy-rich goo, causing your titanic dick to twitch anxiously. About a minute after downing the lewd substance, a collective shudder rippled through them as a burning, aching sensation erupted from their abdomens and spread like wildfire from their ears to their hooves. "Oh, b-buck...a-ahhh...aphrodisiac...nnnnguuuuuh..." Cloudchaser groaned, as a chorus of schlicks and drips issued from the mares' hindquarters.Glimmer stared at the other mares, giving a slight laugh. "Heh...guess I don't know my own strength. Prolly doesn't affect me cuz it's my own 'brew,' so to speak..." Without warning, she cut off her own muttering and stood up from the couch. She whistled loudly and stomped her hoof on the couch cushion, catching the mares' attention right away as they struggled to focus on her words. "Alright, listen up, you horny little fillies! We're gonna march into Anon's room right buckin' now and line up for him on the side of the bed, do I make myself clear?! No lollygagging, no teasing, no dick-sucking!" The twins blushed as they attempted to avert their gazes from your towering spire, and wordlessly turned and marched lock-step down the hall. You bit your bottom lip as you watched their swaying hips and furiously winking, dripping marehoods retreat into the distance, nearly descending back into rut-lust at the erotic sight."And you, mister!" Glimmer began, turning to face you as she prodded your dick with a hoof, causing it to sway imposingly in the evening air. "You're gonna pick your mare up, lead us into that bedroom, and give us the heat-breeding of our little pony lives! Do we understand each other~?" She growled commandingly.You gave a rapid nod. "Y-yes, ma'am! Crystal clear, ma'am!" You said frantically in response, standing up and lifting your cum-weighted mare into your arms.As the three of you approached the entry to your bedroom, the lieutenant abruptly put out a hoof to stop you and lifted Vapor from your arms with her magical aura. Grunting slightly from the effort, she opened the bedroom door just a little and slipped through, quickly closing the door behind her before you could even attempt to follow.You reach for the doorknob and knit your brows in confusion as it refuses to turn. "...Lieutenant?" You begin hesitantly."Just a minute, Anon...just making sure everything's perfect for our big breeding stud in here..." She responds, muffled through the door. You hear a bout of feminine giggling and the squeaking of bedsprings, before the doorknob alights in her turquoise magical aura and swings inward.Vapor, Cloudchaser, Flitter, and Glimmer are lined up on the side of the bed facing you. Their forehooves are resting on the bed, their hind legs are spread wide, and their tails are laid to the side as they look back at you with smoldering, wanton gazes, wiggling their rumps and giving you such an indelible bouquet of visual stimuli that you aren't sure where to look first."Breed us, Anon..." They chorus like a school of sirens. "Make us your mares..."Well, they certainly didn't have to ask you twice. Tonight was going to be one long night...The door swung shut behind you as the clock struck twelve."Breed us, Anon..." They chorus like a school of sirens. "Make us your mares..."Your length swung stiffly between your legs as you approached them; the four mares stared dreamily at it, their eyes sliding back and forth as its motion left their minds hazy and their eager, reddened pussies dripping and winking eagerly at you.Stepping up behind your lead mare, you hefted your throbbing tool with one hand and released it with a dull, meaty smack onto her back and dock. Her legs nearly buckled from the sensation, sending a shudder through her as she nickered in surprise and adjusted her hind legs. Your milky pre drooled into the soft, wispy strands of her twitching tail, and the two of you shared a gaze full of love, passion, and longing.That sobering, heart-melting moment, where both of you lost sense of time and surroundings and indulged in each other's presence, was what you'd missed the most from her in the recent sex-drenched days. Everything for you had been such a whirlwind of debaucherous couplings that it was easy to forget your forebrain's reasons for attraction and slip away into your hindbrain's control...even with tonight's exceedingly lewd circumstances, you relished in this deep, passionate moment with your gorgeous and lovely marefriend."Duuude, c'mon, fuck your foals in'na her already! My lower half's dyin' of thirst over here!" Cloudchaser interrupted brashly from the right, earning a smack upside the head from her sister as you and Vapor blushed and broke your shared gaze, glaring at the other pegasus for her rudeness."You're the one who chose to go after me rather than before! Shush!" Flitter hissed quietly at her.The two of you tuned out the comments from the peanut gallery and refocused on the task at hand. Slowly, agonizingly, you stepped back to align yourself with Vapor's entrance, causing her to tremble in a mix of anticipation, arousal, and slight ticklishness as your throbbing dorsal vein dragged against the underside of her dock."Are you ready, baby girl?" You asked endearingly, running your fingers through her tail as your broad cockhead came to rest, ever-so-slightly parting her entrance."I've never been more ready in my life, Anon~!" Vapor growled, bucking back against you with significantly more vigor than you expected. Caught off guard, you could do nothing but groan dumbly and brace yourself from falling over backward as your head slipped into her slickened depths with a loud pop. "O-o-ohhh...oh sweet Sun...I thought you were big before! Hnnn..." She groaned, wiggling side-to-side to adjust to your immense girth in a way that drove you absolutely up the wall.With a guttural, primal sound somewhere between a moan and a grunt, you grabbed a fistful of her tail in one hand and a helping of her modest, squeezable flank in the other, and surged forwards in one fluid motion.Vapor's eyes rolled back in her head as her wings shot to full extension at her sides, hind-hooves lifting off the ground as her tummy bulged obscenely from the insertion. An incredibly intense orgasm slammed into her brain without warning as you bottomed out aggressively against her cervix, causing her tunnel to clench and writhe around you and made your knees tremble. "Oooh my goood...fuck yeah, Vapor! I'm gonna love you so, mmf, fuckin' hard...!" You exclaimed.Under normal circumstances, Vapor likely would've given an equally passionate response, but for now, she was only capable of drooling and moaning with a fucked-stupid, cross-eyed expression as the force behind your titanic thrusts pushed her front half into the bedsheets."Nnnuh...so! Fucking! Tight!" You hissed through clenched teeth, giving her a rapid, deep series of thrusts that sent her into a fresh bout of inarticulate squeals as you began to really take your mare to pound-town.Vapor's hindlegs wiggled in the air as your thrusts lifted her rear to near-vertical, putting her in the piledriver position as you towered over her. It gave the other three mares quite the show, as her bulging stomach and your balls slapping against her stretched-out clit and marehood were in full view. They watched in wide-eyed amazement, resting their chests on the bed as they reached back and vigorously hoofed themselves to the sight."Mmh, you're gonna breed her, aren't you?" Flitter said breathily, between fevered moans and ragged gasps. "And after you claim her...mmh, you'll claim me, too..." She shuddered and squirted onto the floor next to your bed, letting out a wanton sigh as she went limp and plopped down into the puddle of her own juices."Doesn't one look at that cute flank of hers just, nnnaaah, make you wanna empty those big, plump balls into her,  Anon~?" Cloudchaser growled, briefly interrupting herself as she grazed a sensitive spot with her hoof."Show her who's boss, big guy~" Glimmerlance said teasingly, groaning with lust as she witnessed the intense fucking next to her.The mares' brazen dirty talk sent you into an uncontrollable spiral of rut-lust. With a groan of pleasure and desire, you grip your marefriend by the hips and increase the depth and speed of your thrusts, a meaty smack of flesh-on-fur sounding out with each insertion as her ass jiggles against your crotch. Every pleased moan and vaginal clenching from her sent you deeper and deeper into a haze of procreation-driven ecstasy, your mind subsumed fully into instinctual "maleness" as your entire world narrowed into the beautiful mare whose eager womb was begging for your seed. You became only dimly aware of the lustful adulations of the other mares, no longer concerned with them or their whims. Once they witnessed your mare thoroughly-bred and sporting a full-term cum-belly, what they thought wouldn't matter; their heat would take hold of them and they'd never leave your side until they ended up in the same well-fucked stupor as your marefriend.Feeling your balls start to tremble and throb, you decided it was time to change position once again to afford yourself a better view of the impending finale. You gave Vapor a particularly deep thrust that brutally impaled her womb with your glans and left her belly bulging obscenely, then gripped her hips and rotated her like a turkey on a spit until she was lying belly-up. The unbelievable stimulation of her tight cervix grinding against the ridge of your cockhead nearly took you over the edge right then and there, but you clenched your teeth and buttocks and barely managed to hold yourself back.Cloudchaser flew up from the bed and wrapped her forehooves around you from behind, placing her muzzle on your shoulder to get a first-person view of the pegasus getting utterly destroyed beneath you. "That's it, Anon...use her like your own little sex toy..." She breathed in your ear, grinding her crotch against your back as her hooves ran across your pecs."Nnnguhhh...g-get...geh...getting close...fffffuuuuuhhhck..." You groaned, trading speed for power as you hammered the back of your marefriend's womb with brutal efficiency, pressing her face into the bedsheets."Cum...cum...cum!...cum in her, Anon!" Cloudchaser, Flitter, and Glimmer all chanted, crowding around you as they witnessed the erotic spectacle of your union.With a deep, bellowing groan, you slammed all the way to the hilt in Vapor's tight cunt, holding yourself there as your balls throbbed and Vapor's legs and wings twitched fitfully.  Loud, wet splurts sounded out from inside your marefriend as you doused her insides with your thick, virile seed, oozing from your union in little trails that were eagerly lapped up by the three voyeur mares and giving both of your overstimulated, throbbing organs a little extra stimulation.Vapor went completely limp by the time the first pint emptied into her, fucked into a blissful unconsciousness as her drug-enhanced heat was sated by your equally drug-enhanced mare-breaking dick. Even when KO'd, her incredible pelvic muscles continued to instinctually milk your breeding tool, undulating rhythmically as her cervix clenched sporadically around your crown in a way that made fireworks race across your vision. "Unhhh...fuckfuckfuck-fuck!" You finished your inarticulate exclamation with one final slam into her depths, letting out your biggest throb yet as the deep-dicking forced out a significant amount of your essence from her nethers, covering the three closely-crowded mares in strings of yours and Vapor's mixed fluids. All three of them shuddered at the warm, sticky sensation.Basking in the afterglow of yet another thorough pony-breeding session, you exulted in the feeling of Vapor's soft interior massaging the last dregs of your load into her depths. Had other human males been around in Equestria to talk to, you were sure you'd all come to an accord on one thing: Once you go mare, you never go back. Their incredible pelvic control was like nothing else on any planet, unambiguously proving the inadequacy of any sex toy compared to the intimate embrace of a living, breathing, loving mare.You came back down to Equus as your mare's cunt finally slackened, slipping off of your cock with a loud shplorp as her hind end flopped back down onto the bed. Winded, you also fell onto your back next to her, catching your breath as you tried to commit every moment of the experience to memory. The three mares tackled your marefriend's ruined rear-end with a gusto that reminded you of feeding-time at a kennel."Buck, dude...not even that zeeb I used to bang came as much as you do...and it's so bucking thick, too..." Glimmer proclaimed, hearts in her eyes as she  bathed Vapor's cum-splattered flanks with her tongue. Cloudchaser and Flitter casually touched tongues as they double-teamed the overworked pussy before them, though that was quickly forgotten about in favor of a heated, cum-swapping, sisterly make-out session on the floor next to your bed. You weren't particularly worried about their meal reducing the chances of conception for Vapor, considering her thoroughly-dominated womb contained enough seed to impregnate a small country. You wouldn't be surprised if every mare present would be carrying a litter of your hybrid offspring by the time you were through with them.You let out a contented sigh as you felt yourself beginning to drift off, the lateness of the hour overcoming the waning effects of the "energy potion" you'd taken earlier....Right up until the moment the lieutenant, having finished her "meal," plopped her fat ass onto your crotch and started grinding against you, hotdogging your half-mast monstrosity with her enormous flanks and wet, eager pussy lips. "Uh-uh, you've got a long way to go before you're done tonight, lover-boy~" She growled, floating another potion bottle up to your lips and all-but-forcing its contents down your throat.Your face scrunched uncomfortably as a sharp tingling sensation raced through you, and felt your balls begin to tingle and ache as they swelled even further. Pre began streaming uncontrollably from your cockslit, smearing Glimmer's dock, flanks, and vulva with your sticky precum. "Ohoho, buck yeah, I bet this thing's gonna destroy my tight little pussy~" Glimmer teased wantonly, wiggling her ass as her clit winked against the side of your rod. "I can't wait to drive myself insane on it..." She moaned breathlessly, lifting her hips upward as the head of your huge, angrily-throbbing human cock was brought to bear against her woefully inadequate-looking pony cooch.The two still-conscious pegasi finally noticed that the unicorn had bamboozled them, and whinnied indignantly at the realization. "Hey, what's the big idea! It's my tur--!" Cloudchaser began, but was cut off by Glimmer's loud, mildly pained moan as she took herself halfway onto your impossible organ with a single forceful slam of her immense hips."Hhh-gnuuuuhhh...ooouuuuhhh..." The mage groaned in exertion, eyes rolling back in her head as a frighteningly large bulge protruded from her muscular tummy. Her efforts at self-destruction lost strength as her jaw slackened, her drooling tongue limply flopping out of her muzzle. "Anoooooonnnnnuuuuh...bu-hu-huuuck...hsfjn..." Her earlier anal rodeo in Zecora's hut had evidently not prepared her for the complete and utter cunt-stuffing you were capable of giving to a mare."Mmph...such a headstrong little slut, but you can't take my huge fuckin' dick any better than some random mare could..." You groaned out, gripping her flanks firmly as you ground your cockhead against her pelvic floor muscles, sending her into a twitching fit. "A pretty little filly like you better be careful before she...hurts herself..." You finished darkly, your grip becoming iron as you started forcing her down onto your pillar of pony-domination.That seemed to snap her out of her fuck-drunk stupor, at least. "I ain't no filly, and I certainly ain't scared of a cock...n-no matter how b-big it is..." She countered defiantly, but you could hear the strain in her voice and the barely-restrained whimpers of pleasure. The way her pussy was clenching and rippling ceaselessly around you was also something of a dead giveaway; to be fair, it was hard for her to lie when the largest cock in Equestria was busy plowing itself into her. "Gimme all you got, nerd~...maybe if you're lucky I'll let you put some f-foals inna' me..." She teased slyly, giving you an infuriatingly smug grin.God, this mare was such a deviant! She'd already learned one of your favorite fetishes within the space of a day, and clearly knew full well how to use her newfound power over you. Unfortunately, having such power and knowing when not to use it were two different things entirely, especially given that you were hardly in the clearest state of mind at the moment.Wild, lustful magic was coursing through your veins in equal measure to the flood of testosterone and instincts, washing away any capability of thought beyond "FUCK." and "BREED." The quadfecta of potent, fertile feminine scents overwhelming your sense of smell only added to the frenzy, and Glimmerlance's thoughtless breeding-request was the final nail in the coffin for any chance you had of restraining yourself.You gripped her flanks with enough intensity to turn your knuckles white, causing her to let out a squeal with a hedonistic mix of pain and pleasure. She moaned, low and long, as you began giving her the deep-dicking of her life, furiously humping up into her writhing pony cooch and battering against her swollen, hungry cervix. "That's right, Anon! Break me! Ruin me! Nnngaaaahhh!" She screamed in desperation, wiggling her fat ass against you as it smacked and jiggled wildly from your combined motions.You released one of her flanks from your grip and struck it hard with the same hand, sending a loud smack resounding through the room that caused Glimmer to squeak in surprise and the other mares to flinch. Her ass wobbled vigorously as a red handprint started to show on it, and you pushed firmly on the small of her back to hold her hips against you as you began jackhammering furiously into her cunt, going balls-deep with a loud PLAP with each thrust.Her moans rose to a deafening crescendo as you started humping her fast and deep, feeling your glutes tense up as your balls started to throb and pull up against you. "Unhh...fuckin' close...fuck..." You grunted, focusing on Glimmer's drooling, lolling expression as her eyes stared at the back of her skull. "You're so fucking good! Mmmph..." You continued pressing her hips against your crotch as your other hand rose up and gripped her mane, then slammed your tongue into her muzzle as she instinctually reciprocated the heated kiss. Her movements paused and shuddered each time a mini-orgasm overtook her body, allowing you carte blanche as you claimed your second mare from both ends.You reveled in the sight, sound, and feeling of her writhing body and groaned deeply into her moaning, eager mouth as you felt yourself begin to release inside her; as fantastic as her ass had felt around you hours prior, nothing could come close to the feeling of claiming a mare's most intimate, sacred depths as your own. The two of you made out with furious passion as your clenching balls nestled against her thick ass, cock throbbing fitfully as you dumped your massive load directly into her womb.Her trim, fit guardsmare physique was decimated by the intensity of your orgasm. The layers of corded muscle on her abdomen were overwhelmed by an immense, jiggling cum-gut, which rubbed pleasurably against your own stomach as she continued to slowly hump you for every last drop of your seed that she could get. She broke away from the kiss to throw her head back and let out a long, shuddering groan, and then stared deeply into your eyes with a gaze full of love and devotion. "Buuuck meee...Anooon, I love your huge cock~!" Glimmerlance groaned.The two of you sighed and relaxed into a limp heap together as you laid back on the bed. You mumbled a barely-audible reply, smiling contentedly at her, and felt yourself drifting into dreamland so quickly that no energy potion in the world could have countered it. You had reached your potion-enhanced limit.You awoke the following afternoon to the sound of raucous feminine squealing and giggling emanating from your bathroom, along with the muffled spattering of your showerhead. Grumbling and fumbling with the stained, disheveled covers, you flailed your arm out toward your nightstand and clumsily grabbed for the clock. Groaning at the lateness of the hour, you groggily sat up from your prone position and thumped your head against the headboard. Tilting your head back to gaze up at the ceiling, you took stock of what had transpired the previous night...what little of it you could remember through the hormonal haze, that is."How you holdin' up, stud?" Glimmerlance nearly caused you to wet yourself as she suddenly greeted you from the doorway, holding a large glass of water in her magical aura."Jesus, Glimm! Warn a guy!" You responded, clutching your pec with one hand as panicked palpitations ran through your chest."Oh come off it, ya big baby. Where's all that bravado from last night, when you were turning four mares into your personal cocksleeves at the same time?" She chided in an almost motherly fashion, which was entirely at odds with her salacious expression and lewd vocabulary. You weren't entirely sure if it was sexy or just off-putting, but your dick twitched all the same. Giggling at the slight blush on your cheeks, she floated the much-needed refreshment she was carrying into your hand, which you grabbed and chugged down eagerly."Crazy sex potions or no, you still gotta hydrate! Here's a tall drink of water, for my tall drink a'water..." She teased, giving you a flirty wink as she trotted into the bathroom, seeking the source of the profuse moaning coming from your shower. Glancing back at you as she exited the room, she wordlessly wiggled her plump pony posterior for your hungry gaze with a self-satisfied saunter. Pony body language may still be something you'd never fully get used to...but you knew a "come hither and give heed" gesture when you saw it.With a resigned sigh, you dragged yourself out of bed and followed after her, erection slapping your thighs as you walked. "Confound these horny ponies..." You grumbled under your breath, the unicorn's flagged tail and captivating sights leading you towards your moan-filled bathroom.The moment you entered, you and Glimmerlance were treated to the erotic sight of your marefriend eating out both pega-twins at the same time. If your boner was confused before, it definitely wasn't now."Ooh, buck! Yeah, that's it, Vape! Lick me! Unnnh~!" Flitter squealed loudly, grinding her clit and teats against her sister, who was laying on her back beneath her and lavishing her vulnerable neck with lustful licks, kisses, and nibbles in-between her own lustful groans and moans."Buck! Oh Celestia, I'm gonna...gonna...Fliiiitts!" Cloudchaser screamed in bliss as her back arched uncontrollably in the throes of pleasure underneath her sister, lifting her up slightly as your marefriend continued to relentlessly attack their hungry loins."Unh...Cici...oh buck yesssss!" Flitter hissed out as he reached her peak, slamming her lips against her sister's as the flood of endorphins caused them to deepen their increasingly twincestual embrace. You felt your dick harden so suddenly that it rose up and slapped against your belly before flagging out in front of you. The sudden redirection of blood flow to your aggressive erection left you just as dizzy as the sight of the two wet-maned pegasi twins making out did.Loud slurps and smacks, combined with the schlicking sounds of Vapor's hoof against her own marehood, echoed through the room over the din of the shower, giving you and Glimmer a hell of a show as the three pegasi writhed in an impassioned simultaneous climax on the tile floor of your shower. As they basked in their mindless, blissful, hazy afterglow, the heady cocktail of multiple feminine aromas wafting throughout the room left you struck dumb with the all-consuming need to relieve your building urges.The sensation of a large, tingly-feeling hand wrapping around your member caused you to let out a loud groan as pre oozed out of your tip, and you looked down at your crotch for the source of the unfamiliar sensation. You went wide-eyed as you saw that the "hand" you felt was actually a shimmering, translucent, turquoise construct slowly working its way up and down your thick, throbbing length, and glanced over at Glimmerlance...who just gave you a smug, lascivious grin as her spell started vibrating....And then a second, unnoticed construct shoved one of its thick, vibrating, amorphous fingers right up against your prostate and held it there."What the-huuurk! Guh...hnngaaah~...FUCK!"  You gave a startled, fitful series of grunts as the sudden intensity of the sensation overwhelmed your ability to hold yourself back, and you fitfully bucked her hips into your grip as you came harder than you ever had...which was saying something, given the past few days. Through the haze of your orgasm, you noticed the three pegasi writhing under the hot, heavy bulk of your load as Glimmerlance aimed your twitching, bulging tool directly into the shower.Glimmer turned the shower knob to a slow trickle with her magic, as you more than made up for the reduction with a shower of your own, and licked her lips as she witnessed--and smelled--the heady spectacle of three unsuspecting pegasi getting absolutely covered in your impossibly-huge emission.By the time your load petered out, you felt like you'd shriveled into a human raisin. Glimmer gazed up at you with eyes full of love and devotion as she cleaned off your majestic tool with her lips and tongue, slathering you in warm saliva. You dimly noticed the others writhing in a sticky tangle of limbs as they bathed in the sight, smell, and feel of your continued "outpourings" of love for them.With a suddenness that caused Glimmer to yelp in alarm, you felt yourself collapse to the floor with a thud as your dangerously dehydrated state sent you into unconsciousness.After a moment in which all of you shared uncertain, panicked glances with one another, you leapt out of the pony-pile in the shower and rushed to your stalli-humanfriend's side, frantically prodding him in an attempt to rouse him. "Anon? Anon?! Speak to me! Oh, Celestia, please don't be dead!" You wailed in desperation as you hugged your upper body into his chest, pressing your face into his pectorals as you felt the beginnings of tears starting to form. After a moment, though, you realized that the thundering beat you felt in your chest wasn't just your own heart echoing in your ears. Your ears perked to attention as you felt the panic leave your body."He's alive! I can feel his heartbeat!" You exclaimed in excitation and relief. The other mares let out breaths they hadn't realized they'd been holding, but Glimmer still carried a concerned frown."I know this may be hard, but I need you to let go of him and step back for a moment, Vape," She ordered, adopting a no-nonsense tone as her military medical training kicked in, "I need to check his vitals...just because he's got a pulse doesn't mean he's okay. Ponies, er, people, don't just pass out for no reason."You reluctantly released your human from your embrace as Glimmer's magical aura enveloped his resting form, and her eyes slid closed as she deep-dove into whatever advanced triage spell she was casting. After less than a minute, the glow faded, and she snapped her eyes open and actually snarled in frustration. "His breath rate is through the bucking roof and his BP is dangerously low. I knew we shouldn't have trusted those potions to do the job on their own with his unfamiliar biology; he's almost lethally dehydrated! Celestia damn me for being so boneheaded!""Oh gods, please no!" You exclaimed, giving Glimmerlance a horrified, stunned stare. She gave you a sympathetic look, before her expression hardened again as she looked at the two pegasi still in the shower."The three of you...make yourselves presentable. I'm going to get some basic clothing on Anon to preserve his culture's public decency, and then I'm teleporting all of us to Ponyville General. We can't put fluids in him while he's unconscious without medical equipment, and if he doesn't get a significant amount of fluids in him within the next hour, it won't be pretty." Glimmer punctuated the end of her orders with a loud clop that echoed through the room, causing you and the sisters to flinch. She then stormed out of the room, Anon floating delicately behind her in a telekinetic aura as she trekked over to his wardrobe and began searching for the simplest looking clothes. The three of you began rubbing the thick human cum out of your coat, occasionally stealing tastes of his rich seed from each other's coats and manes that left your taste-buds tingling and your marehoods clenching. A pit settled in your guts as you each remembered the very real costs of such a delectable treat, and the three of you took to cleaning yourselves with renewed focus and vigor. Sexy-times could wait, for once.The entry doors to Ponyville General slammed open with an almighty clatter, startling other waiting patients as Nurse Redheart stood up from her seat at the reception desk, keeping her cool much more effectively than the panic-prone Ponyville citizens in the lobby had.You and the three other mares, with Anon still floating unconscious behind you, sprinted up to the desk. "What's the situation?" The nurse asked tersely, even as her uncertain glance at the unconscious human behind you seemed to, at least partially, answer her question for her."Lt. Glimmerlance, Ponyville Guard. Get me a bed with the largest drip bag you've got! We've got a severe case of dehydration due to an untested stamina potion!" The guardsmare responded commandingly. She may have only been a lieutenant, but she certainly outranked the civilians in the room, the nurse included.The nurse frowned in concern, and craned her head down to the desk to speak into the PA microphone. "Large IV for room 115. Doctor Horse, please report to room 115 immediately." Removing her hoof from the push-to-talk button, she addressed you and your group directly. "Come with me."At a brisk walk, Redheart ushered you and the rest of your group down the leftward hall, where you quickly arrived at the room. As you and your three herd-mates made to follow Redheart into the room, she turned and held up a hoof placatingly. "Please, ladies, I know you're concerned for your...umm...stallion, but these rooms are only so large. For the safety of everyone involved, I'm going to have to ask you and the two mares next to you to wait outside the room while we get him setup. Even the lieutenant here is only staying because she's got formal medical training, is currently acting as his gurney, and knows what happened to put him in this state. Once she provides that information, she'll be waiting outside with you three while Doctor Horse and I administer the proper treatment." Her gaze flicked from you to the lieutenant. "Speaking of which, please set him down on that bed over there, Lieutenant."You and the sisters begrudgingly exited the room and stood a short distance away from the doorway. "Do...do you think the big guy's gonna be okay? He really did cum a whole hell of a lot..." Cloudchaser muttered anxiously. "I wasn't really thinking about it in the moment, I guess...gods, I feel so stupid!" She grumbled, snorting in discontentment and angrily stomping her hoof."You can't blame yourself too much, Cici...I've been his marefriend for months and I didn't even notice that it was hurting him so much to keep going...ugh...sniff...I-I'm a terrible special somepony..." You felt yourself begin to shudder, knees going wobbly as tears clouded your vision. The true severity of the situation was beginning to hit you now that you'd arrived at the hospital, with a very real fear that you might lose your favorite creature in all of Equestria to your own lust-blinded, desperate behavior.Your rear legs collapsed out from under you as sobs began to wrack your body, and you felt Flitter and Cloudchaser wrap you in a downy, comforting hug as the three of you shared in your anguish and contemplated the weight of your actions.The sound of hurried clopping echoed down the hallway, along with the faint squeaking of wheels, prompting you to wipe the tears from your eyes and look up at the source of the sound. Doctor Horse quickly approached your huddled group-cry with a sympathetic frown and cleared his throat, prompting the pega-twins to pull themselves out of their despair and focus their attention on him."P-please...please tell me he's going to be okay..." You whimpered, pawing at the doctor's coated leg. Horse rubbed the back of your mane with a hoof placatingly, and responded, "Redheart and I will do everything in our power to get him healthy again, I swear by my honor and duty as a physician." He gave each of you a long look, before resuming his duties. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got a human stallion to assist!" He said cheerily, saluting you with a hoof as he wheeled the IV stand loaded with drip-bags into the room with his magic and closed the door behind him.The long, uncertain, desperate wait that followed felt like eons to the three of you. Glimmerlance still hadn't returned by the time you'd cried yourself to sleep.The first thing you felt as you emerged from your fitful, emotional sleep was the sensation of a hoof prodding your midsection and a soothing, motherly voice in your ear. "Wake up, dearie...I've got some good news for you..." The voice implored, prompting you to snap open your eyes as any thought of tiredness fled your conscious mind in an instant. An update on your stallionfriend's condition was certainly worth losing sleep over!Your gaze locked on to the mare who had awakened you, and you quickly recognized the unique appearance of her race...a batpony nurse, of all things! And quite an experienced and mature one at that, if the crow's feet around her eyes were any indication. A thin scar ran across her left cheek, but it did little to detract from her exotic beauty, especially not her sparkling, turquoise, slitted eyes, which gazed kindly into your own from behind a pair of purple-framed reading glasses."Ah, well, now that you're awake, I suppose I should introduce myself properly, hmm?" The nurse commented. "I'm Nurse Eveningheart, the night-shift head nurse here. We've been keeping a close eye on Anon while you girls slept, and I'm happy to say his fluid levels have come back to normal, along with his vitals."You weren't sure if you wanted to smile or to cry, so you settled on a mix of both. Springing up from your seat, you glomp the head nurse to the floor in a tight hug, sobbing tears of joy. "I-I'm...thank Celestia! I was so worried! I've been so stupid, I've been such a terrible lead mare, I..." You babbled, before trailing off into a fresh bout of tears as you buried your face in the nurse's mane."Shhh...there, there, dear...every new herd has its teething problems..." Eveningheart responded comfortingly, patting the back of your head as your tears trailed off into sniffles."I just...I came so close to losing him, and I can't help but feel like it's my fault..." You whimpered, lifting your head from the nurse's shoulder as you dried your tear-stricken face with your foreleg."Well..." Eveningheart said, clicking her tongue in a disapproving, matronly way that made your ears wilt, "I must say it wasn't very smart of you to let Anon go on with guzzling a bottled mana-surge as if it were some sort of do-all energy drink, but I suppose love does strange things to us all. Oh, to be young and in love again~" The nurse gazed past you at some faraway point, sighing wistfully in thought.You avoided eye contact with the mare when she started giving your some exceedingly predatory bedroom eyes (made all the more predatory by the fangs poking from her lips, even if they were cute). She gave a demure laugh as she raised a hoof to her mouth. "My, but it's so fun teasing you young ponies~!" She said exultantly, before glancing at the other mares present who'd been awakened by your conversation."I could show you some other fun things to do with young ponies, ma'am..." Cloudchaser said huskily, grinning deviously at the nurse as she waggled her eyebrows. Flitter promptly elbowed her in the ribs, causing her to wince and break her "seductive" facade.The batpony chuckled and rolled her eyes, waving a hoof placatingly at the eager hotshot. "Settle down there, dear; I think you're getting ahead of yourself!” She tittered, befrore bringing herself back to the matter at hoof. “If you’d like you can see him now, but please let him rest until tomorrow morning. The poor dear needs it.”“Of course we want to see him now! We almost lost our herd-stallion!” Glimmerlance exclaimed eagerly, trotting in place as a determined burst of energy surged into her limbs.The nurse nodded, smiling beatifically. “I knew you’d say that. Follow me, if you’d please.”“He’s right in here.” The nurse said quietly, opening the door to Anon’s room as quietly as she could. “I’ll be waiting outside once you’re done, dears.”You nodded, and led the three other mares of your herd as you trotted into the room. A gloomy, aura settled upon each of you the moment you crossed the threshold, ears flopping down as your eyes began to mist over.“Oh, Anon…” You bemoaned, witnessing your human’s state for the first time since you’d been ordered out of the room earlier that day. An IV drip was taped firmly to his arm, reinvigorating his body with much-needed moisture after the (quite literal) wringer you’d put him through. The heart monitor beeped at a steady, even pace as Anon’s breathing shifted his blankets almost imperceptibly.Unable to bear the sight for more than a moment, your eyes were soon blinded by tears. Soon, you found yourself pushing past the other mares behind you as you walked unsteadily back into the hallway.“Done already, dear…? Oh!” The nurse yelped as you fell into her hooves, sobbing openly. “Oh, please don’t cry, sky child...you’ll have him back before you know it.”“Yeah, Anon’s a strong stallion. It’d take way more than this to knock him down!” Cloudchaser said reassuringly; the other mares had followed you back out of the room once they noticed your distress, gathering around you in a circle of support and protection. Eveningheart continued to gently stroke your mane as the night’s second wave of turbulent emotions slowly ebbed away.“Y-you’re right, girls...of course you’re right…” You said, sniffling as you wiped your nose with a hoof.“I…” Eveningheart began, before pausing momentarily when all eyes snapped to her. “I think it’d be for the best if you all went home for tonight. You’re only tearing yourselves up more by being here, and Anon is stable and recovering. He’ll be right as rain by the morning.”You exhaled shakily at the nurse’s advice, and hesitantly nodded. “Y-yeah. Come on, girls. Let’s go home.”“Have a good night, dears. Do try to get some rest, hmm~?” The nurse hugged each of you briefly in turn, bidding you farewell for the night.You awoke, slowly and dazedly, with a groan. You had absolutely no idea where you were, confused at the sensation of thin, uncomfortably crisp sheets rubbing against your chest and the acrid, clinical smells of industrial-strength cleaning agents and thoroughly-filtered recirculated air. Creaking your eyes open and giving a bleary glance around the room failed to enlighten you much further. The stark whiteness of the room combined with the glaring radiance of Celestia’s charge to nearly blind you the moment you opened your eyes, making you wince and shuffle yourself upwards into a reclining position.A discomfiting tugging sensation at your arm led your eyes downward. Your eyebrows knit in concern as you finally took notice of the IV hooked into your arm, feeding what appeared to be a saline drip into your veins. The last thing you remember had been...getting into the shower with the girls...but everything after that...was a hazy blur, ending in sudden blackness.Had you literally cum yourself unconscious? The thought would have been hilariously improbable by Earth standards, something limited to the most bizarre of erotica, but somehow seemed more likely in the world of Equestria. This universe didn’t exactly play by the same rules, after all…Your thoughts trailed off as a pink-maned earth pony mare strode into your room, her lively blue eyes widening as she froze up at the sight of you being awake and alert.Your groin tingled as you noticed the black garter-belt stockings adorning her hind legs, looking more like something out of a Playboy (Did this world have those?...Playcolt?) than something an R.N. would wear. You were drawn out of your thoughts and blinked, slowly, as you noticed she wasn’t meeting your eyes. Instead, her face seemed to be flushing as she trembled in place while nervously shuffling those sexy tightly-clothed hind-legs…Shifting your eyes a short distance downward, you quickly discerned the reason for the nurse’s entrancement. Evidently, the recollection of last night had gotten you more bothered than you’d thought, or perhaps it was a case of ‘morning wood’ you’d just failed to notice until now…Your erection was pitching the almightiest tent you’ve ever seen. A momentary burst of pride and excitement gave way to a wave of embarrassed panic, and you quickly shifted your knees up to help hide the glaring protrusion.“S-shit! Uh, sorry!” You stuttered out, fumbling your words.Staring dumbly at the space your crotch occupied for a couple more seconds, the nurse rapidly shook her head as she resumed walking to your bedside.“No wonder you’re in the hospital if that’s how you greet a mare during estrus week.” The nurse commented flatly, showing a surprising amount of emotional control considering the way she was just acting..“Umm, did the mares who brought me in tell y-” You began to ask, but froze as Redheart reached a hoof out to the edge of your bedsheet and gripped it firmly with her hoof.“They didn’t need to. Why else does a male get so dehydrated they have to come to a hospital,  at this time of year? Honestly, it’s a wonder it doesn’t happen in Equestria more often, what with how crazy us mares can be..now, about this little problem of yours…” The nurse trailed off, giving your bedsheet a poke, right where a noticeable bump protruded from. Even though the positioning of your knees hid most of your...profile, the head of your erection still protruded from the front of the gown and into the sheet atop it. “Hmmhmm, well then! I suppose little is doing that beast of yours a disservice. That group of mares that Eveningheart told me about are certainly lucky to have a stallion of your caliber!”“W-what the hell are you doing?” You asked defensively, cursing your rebellious groin as the nurse-mare kicked the door shut with a hind leg and sauntered back over to you. Swinging her haunches, she gave you a smoldering, lusty gaze with her sparkling blue eyes.“I’m fully aware of the reason why you’re here, but even taking your recent dehydration into account, it’s unhealthy for males to keep their arousal bottled up. Particularly in your case.” Your brows knit in confusion as the nurse lapsed into “teacher” mode on you, though she still retained her wanton gaze and silky-smooth tone. “Those, mmh, enhancements that the magical discharge seems to have made to your penis and scrotum come with some drawbacks that you’re going to have to live with. Something that males seem to forget about when they wish for things like what you’ve been gifted.”The nurse paused in her explanation as she reached up and flung her nurse’s cap onto a nearby table, and then undid the elastic band holding her hair into a bun. A wave of unexpectedly-long pink hair flowed from her head as the band keeping it tied up was removed, causing you to stare in awe of her beauty even as your cock gave an involuntary twitch beneath the gown.You muttered a curse under your breath at the enrapturing sight, and ‘Helllloooooo nurse!’ echoed in your head as visions of an old cartoon series flashed in your memory. “I suppose I should introduce myself before I explain further. I’m Nurse Redheart, the day-shift head nurse...but you can call me Red~”She gave a sultry, impish smirk as the movement from below drew her attention, before refocusing her gaze back on your face. “If the...mmh, very detailed reports your mares gave me when you were first admitted are any indication, your seminal vesicles have become increasingly overactive since you first took in the magic. It’s a wonder that you didn’t get into a state of extreme dehydration sooner, but it seems to me that it builds exponentially if you orgasm too often in a short period...which explains why those lovely mares all came rushing into the hospital last night, carrying you with streaks of your ejaculate in their manes and coats.”You shifted uncomfortably as the nurse moved to the end of your bed and started to worm her way underneath your bedsheets, and you barely held back a yelp of surprise as you felt her wiggle between your legs and stick her face into your gown’s crotch.Derpi 1413168 occurs right around here.Your hands fumbled from anticipation and the confusing jumble of emotions rushing through you, as you slowly peeled back the bedsheet and flipped up your gown, revealing the salacious and tempting sight of Red holding up your imposing, monolithic member in front of her eyes. Her composed, mature facade crumbled the more she had to look up to reach the tip, culminating in a disbelieving, slack-jawed, panting stare as she beheld your pre-leaking head.She took a moment to compose herself, gulping in intimidation and disbelief before masking her behavior behind the same cool, professional veneer from earlier.“Let’s take care of this problem you’ve got, big guy. You’re about to find out just why they call me the head nurse around here~...” She ended her sentence with a mature, salacious chuckle. Without even a moment’s hesitation, Red buried her muzzle in your plump, overfull, sensitive balls and took a deep, long, shuddering inhale. “Buck me, you’re such a stud, human…” She moaned breathily and then ran a trail of electrifying kisses up your underside. “I’m going to...mwah...have lots of...mmh...fun...smack...with this…”She gripped at the base of your long cock with both forehooves and began waving it back and forth in front of her, eyes following your bulging tip in a lewd attempt at self-hypnosis. Her mind was sent reeling by the spectacle, and you felt a renewed wave of arousal hit you as the sight of her cock-dazed stare fueled your own lusts. “Sweet Celestia...how did those poor little fillies even stay sane after this beast was done wrecking them?” She asked to herself, clearly awed beyond belief.You suppressed a flash of guilt as the mares of your herd entered your thoughts, particularly when you thought of Vapor, your dearest...but then the memories of your recent fantastical trysts with them came rushing in as well, washing away your deeper emotions in a tide of heady lust that ensured that this illicit encounter with the medicine-mare was only going to progress further. Much further.Red whimpered as she hefted your heavy balls in the frogs of her hooves, brows lowering as she continued to kiss, lick, and nibble at the dorsal vein of your shaft. You bit your lip to suppress a groan that surely would’ve prompted investigation by passing hospital staff, and ran your fingers through the soft, wavy mane of the nurse-mare who was lovingly worshipping your thick human maleness, giving occasional scritches to the top of her head and the bases of her ears.She moaned in appreciation of your fingers as her eyes fluttered from the spike of pleasure, a full-body shudder rattling through her as she continued lavishing your cock in affection. She exhaled steamily onto your head as her tongue teased the slit, and her eyes slid closed as her eager maw engulfed the top few inches of your shaft for the first time.You groaned deeply as the nurse kept going and going, your dick charging past the entrance of her throat and keeping right on going. “F-fuuuuckkkk…” You groaned, biting your lip as you were struck absolutely dumb by Red’s effortless deepthroating. You threw your head back into the pillow as her lips went flush with your base and her tongue licked at your sack.“R-rrrredheart! Jesus!” You swore, giving an involuntary hump into her throat that caused her to moan wantonly around you and press herself even more firmly into your crotch. You had to clench your fists into the bedsheets to avoid cumming, right then and there, down the whorish nurse’s slutty throat.Derpi 1773642 occurs right around here.The nurse moaned deeply as your throbbing tool rubbed against the walls of her esophagus, her vocal cords sending all-consuming vibrations through you that made your knuckles turn white under the strain of resisting your orgasm.“Fuck yeah, take it all…” You groaned, your slow, deep thrusts into her eagerly bobbing muzzle causing your crown to rub against the walls of her throat in a way that was utterly euphoric.The room echoed with the grunts, groans, moans, slurps, and gags of your hedonistic acts, as you continued to bite your lip to stifle your louder moans and alternated your gaze between the door to your hospital room and the mare impaling herself on your eager, burgeoning maleness.You muttered a curse under your breath as the mare’s undulating tongue, trapped beneath your violently intruding cock, flailed against your sensitive underside, prompting you to grab the mare’s head firmly in both hands and really start to give her a proper face-fucking.Your thrusts increased in sharpness and frequency as your crotch pounded at her muzzle, a mixture of spittle, pre, and tears making a mess of both your nether regions and her face. Her composure had finally been overwhelmed by the intensity as involuntary tears streaked her mascara, sending trails of black running down her frost-white cheeks. The little nurse-mare’s talented throat had turned you into a man possessed, furiously fucking the mature nurse’s experienced maw at a feverish pace.The chorus of clipclops from outside your room brought your attention over to the door, a terrifying sense of dread building in the back of your mind as you recognized the voices that were steadily growing in volume, right up until the door swung open and revealed your scandalous tryst to your four herd-mares.The shock of them suddenly entering caused you to slam Red down and hold her there, hilting yourself tip-deep within her and causing her to writhe under the bedsheets in a blatantly obvious way, despite your futile attempt at stopping her movements. Her body abruptly stops its fitful wriggling as her nervous system is bombarded by her sudden orgasm, your dominant behavior causing Redheart’s throat to constrict so tightly around you that it felt like she was going to pinch your dick off with nothing but her pharynx. The sheer intensity of the stimulation Redheart provided made you cum suddenly and uncontrollably down her throat, your eyes rolling back in your head even as you fought to keep in control of yourself in front of the other mares.“Well, well, look what we have here…” Glimmerlance growled, focusing her attention on the lump in the bedsheets and your own blatantly obvious pleasured expression.Your blood turned to ice as the guardsmare grabbed the bedsheet and yeeted it off of you, revealing the nurse to all and sundry. Your four herd-mares glared daggers at the both of you, not sure which of you to be more disappointed in at that moment.Red immediately froze, snapping her eyes open and coming out of her reverie as she struggled to see her surroundings from her compromising position. A surprised “Mmh?!” left her lips as she felt a magic aura forcefully tug at the back of her head, pulling her off of you in a quick motion that made you groan from the momentary overstimulation as a lewd shlllorp-pop echoed through the room. Strings of spit and cum followed Red’s mouth as it was pulled away, snapping and leaving splotches of your mixed fluids behind.“Couldn’t help yourself, you bucking slut?!” Cloudchaser shouted in an accusatory tone, giving the nurse a glare that could melt steel beams. “I haven’t even had him once yet, and you just waltz right in here and take advantage of him while he’s vulnerable?! Rrrgh, I oughtta stomp you flat!” The pegasus snorted as she pawed at the room’s tile floors in a false charge.“I...cough...assure you, I was performing a necessary medical proced-” “Hmph! Deepthroating your patients is a ‘necessary medical procedure’ now? Buck me, I’m in the wrong profession.” Glimmerlance interrupted with a condescending chuckle, but her expression quickly darkened. “I’m gonna need more of an explanation than that, you shameless whorse. Unless you’d also like me to report you to the Apothecarium Council after I’m done shoving my hoof up your ass.”Redheart flinched at the insult, frowning slightly. “Fair enough. The wild magic that Anon took into his body made some...modifications to his reproductive organs. Namely, aside from the obvious increase in size, it’s caused his seminal vesicles to become wildly over-productive, to the point of it being hazardous to his health if he doesn’t ejaculate at least twice a day...possibly three times.” The mares’ brows all shot up their faces at that little piece of information, and you swore you saw some of them drooling.You found yourself equally stunned by the news, but for a different reason. ‘Why, with every day that goes by in this freaky horse-world, do I feel like I’m becoming more and more of a dollar-store harem manga protagonist?’ You grumbled mentally to yourself.“Before you all get so excited about that, though, the increased productivity has some risks. Unless you thoroughly hydrate Anon before and after each, ahem, session...you’re likely to put him right back here in the hospital again.” Redheart cautioned you and the other mares sternly, though it was hard to take her as seriously when there was a trail of your cum leaking from the corner of her mouth.“More water, huh?” Suddenly, Cloudchaser’s huff of air suddenly wasn’t as angered. “You’re sure about this, Redheart?” “Yes I am, Cloudchaser. Am I to take this as confirmation that you pushed this fine fuckstick over the edge?” Glimmerlance darkly chuckled. “Probably, Nurse. Still don’t see who that means you get to ride on his joystick.”“Joystick-? I knew you were spending too much time around Cream Heart!” Flitter gasped. Her smoldering gaze was still on your cock, though, standing as proudly as it had ever been. “She spends too much time around me.” Glimmerlance proudly retorted. “And she loves it.”“Um, girls...why are you talking about me like I'm not even here...?” Suddenly, the aura around Redheart’s drooling maw switched to the thing it was polishing, and squeezed. `Me and my big probably nonexistent mouth,` You think to yourself, though all that escapes your mouth is a strained grunt at the ethereal grip, its unrelenting intensity making your sensitive shaft throb.“Oh, trust us, we haven't forgotten,” Glimmerlance said, turning to the quietest of your herd now. She also allowed a glance at her generous rump as she did so, your dick stiffening again at the sight. “Now, Vapor Trail, make sure our fine herdmate’s meatrod is cleaned of our surprise slut’s slobber!”“S-sure-Ah! I mean, w-why me?” whimpered Vapor, fidgeting nervously at the sudden attention.You groaned deeply the second that Glimmerlance’s grip on your member twitched again. Pleasure shot through your body like a lava vein, but only Glimmer’s drooling maw erupted as she spoke. Somehow, your pre was being kept from you. “Because,” Glimmerlance continued, her take-charge attitude leaking through. “Flitter’s gonna ride Anon to orgasm, Cloudchaser is gonna eat Vapor out, and Flitter’s eating me out.” “W-wait, then what am I~umph!?” Redheart’s gasping protest came to a swift end when Glimmerlance rolled her hips around and sat on her face. Glimmerlance shivered at the cool contact of Redheart’s drool and your pre soaking into her pussy. Redheart…. well, she was shuddering for a different reason, as she squirmed under the unicorn’s cushiony buns. The sight of Glimmerlance swiveling her ass on the nurse’s face gets you incredibly hot, sweat beading on your chest.Redheart's movements also brought out her tongue as she gasped for air, and the feeling of that slick muscle near her ponut made Glimmerlance moan wantonly. “Buck! I didn’t know you were this desperate! Flitter, get o-oh!-over here, please!” Flitter obeyed almost immediately, throwing off her hair bow as she trotted over. Flitter lowered her muzzle to Glimmerlance’s other pelvic hole the second she was next to the thrashing guardsmare. One whiff of the carnal cocktail benign stirred up below by Redheart’s tongue, and Flitter was hooked. Turns out, so were you and Vapor. You were still on the bed, the ebbing embrace of Glimmer’s magic grip on your cock becoming soothing. Vapor was frozen in her move towards you, a string of drool pattering on the tiled floor. The far louder pats on the tile, however, belongs to Cloudchaser; which you soon notice as her Persian blue rump blocks your vision from Glimmner’s show.Situated over your cock, her limbs to either side of your thighs and legs. Cloudchaser looks back at you. Her twinkling eyes and winking clit betray desperation, but how bowstring-tight her pose is, just over your mare-breaking pillar shows she’s waiting on you. “Been without you -oh- so long… umph… Anon,” she purrs, shakily, the tip of your cock just pushing at her twitching slit’s flaps. “ But.. umph, I need to know… oh yes… that I won’t make your condition worse...” You understand immediately. Despite Glimmerlance sounding like she’s trying to suffocate Redheart on her plush ass for her interloping - and the wet gasps of Redheart as she denied Glimmerlance her goal  - the nurse had a good point. Nearly being drained to that extent was not fun, despite everything before being insanely exhilarating, and you weren’t up for seeing your heart would pop from your ribs like a chest-burster if you had to fill all five of these lovely mares today. “Y-you’re fine, Cloudchaser….”  you plead, pushing up her hips and letting your cockhead tug at her thirsty twat. “I can take what you dish out, thanks to this.”  Your finger points to the I.V. drip.“G-good,” Cloudchaser pants needily. “Because we’re not s-stopping ‘til everypony in this room sees you breed me.”  Running a hoof through her spiky mane, Cloud’s other three limbs stiffen, keeping her rigid as she lowered herself on your mammoth member. Her velveteen walls part, then construct as your sweet dick lodges in. It’s just the tip, and she's already having problems taking you in. But you’re willing to help out, and you swivel her hips some, drilling your dick deeper into her wet folds.You almost forget about Vapor Trail, but she’s got a good way to make her presence known. Behind on the chase to be impaled by your thickness, she settles for the two cum-filled targets between your legs instead. As Cloudchaser gasps and spurts another wave of juices onto your shaft and scrotum, Vapor's tongue meets your tests from the other end. You gasp and her hips shoot up.“V-Vapor, holy shit!” Suddenly, the feel of two wet caverns around your sensitive skin makes your heart throb against your chest. The pump of your hips finally gave Cloudchaser’s dripping slit and Vapor's careful maw their heaping helping of you. Several inches of your cock thrust into Cloudchaser’s pussy, her ass rippling around the intrusion like it was a rock being skipped across a lake. And Vapor’s eeep is swiftly silenced by the testicle of yours filling out her maw.  Vapor can't get enough of your musk almost immediately, her tongue giving your nuts an electrifyingly erotic treatment. Cloudchaser’s wanton wails, however, make your hips twitch too hard for you to get a good grip under the cushiony cot you’re on. Thank goodness both mares rooted on your crotch are willing to give you a helping hoof. Pretty certain the sweat sloshing on your body would qualify as a slipping hazard anyway. Cloudchaser’s gasps ring around the ward, as she jumps wildly on your cock. The euphoric plapplapplap of your thighs slapping together make your eyes roll into your head. But it’s Vapor you reach for, gripping strands of her loose mane under Cloud’s thrashing rump. Vapor’s tongue feels like heaven on your nuts, her blunt teeth scraping lightly on the loose skin as she slurps noisily on your hefty testes. Your grip on Vapor’s mane gives her an enthusiastic encouragement as she bobs her head back and forth without stopping. From the floor in front of the bed, Glimmer’s coherent cries reach your ears. “Yes! Redheart! Eat me out for your-oh!- bucking whorishness! Choke on my glorious ass! D-don’t stop, Flitter-mmuph!” The smacks you hear from behind Cloudchaser’s thick ass tell you that Flitter’s decided to clamp her mouth to Glimmerlance’s own. The image of that mind-bendingly hot liplock makes your legs find purchase in the tangled sheets at last, gripping them as you pant. You barely even notice Glimmmershield’s sorcerous clutch release from your dick again. If anything the pressure being removed makes your cock expand even further in Cloudchaser, her moans turning feral as she bucks on top of you.Whatever Celestia-made miracle allowed Glimmerlance’s voice to work struck again with Clouchsaer too, her back arching from the pleasure she was getting from riding your ramrod. “So good, Anon!! Slap my ass! H-hurry!” One of your hands unlatches from Vapor’s head, just as her lips pull back from your balls with a lewd pop. As Vapor switches testicles to slurp on, your free hand whacks at Cloudcahaser’s rump, her cutie mark jiggling and redding at the force of your blow. A shriek tore itself from Cloudchaser’s throat as she savagely slammed her hips down to meet yours, her cries finally invoicing Glimmerlance’s for the first time.The sound from Glimmerlance tells you that she’s cumming, though. The sputtering and gasps joining it - one you’d previously heard while the nurse was throat-deep on your battering ram - tells you that Redheart is enjoying it all too well. It makes you want to feel yourself erupt in Cloudchaser’s tight canal as well, your own brain-frying bliss taking you over.Gripping the cheek you’d spent the last minute smacking, you can feel Cloudchaser’s body tense. Finally, you slam yourself into her without mercy, almost popping her off your gift as she flops around on your diamond-hard dick like a Slinky given a mind of its own. And through it all, as your crown prods more and more insistently at Cloudchaser’s g-spot, Vapor never gets her tongue off your nutsack. Your balls feel like they’re the size of baseballs by now, but Vapor still works them like a pro. Her loud gasp as she pops her lips off one of your nuts is like music to your ears, the soft mewls as she gargles your other globe moments after making your fingers and toes curl. And considering five of those fingers of yours are closed around Cloudchaser’s reddened ass, it’s only a matter of time before your grip on her glutes sends her over the edge. “Holy buck Anon, buck yeeeees~!” she bellows, her wings pomf-ing out with such vigor that it sends some loose feathers sprinkling onto your chest. But it's her walls that flutter the hardest, waves of marecum glazing your dick almost white as it pumps in and out of her gushing slit. She’s somehow still tight, even while her loosened pussy milks your dick for everything it’s worth.It’s too much for you. Stars and sparks dance in front of your vision as Mt. St. Anon erupts in Cloudchaser at last. With your twitching girth almost doubling in size as your cum shoots through it like a geyser, her thirsty clit is soon painted white with your spunk. Thankfully you’re still drained enough to not fully bloat her out - that’d be a nightmare to explain to Dr. Horse - instead messily plastering her thighs and legs with cum as her last hop pulls her off your cock.Sighing in relief over Cloudchaser’s wings making her tumble to the floor a soft one, you then grit your teeth as the cold air hits your bare, seed-slickened cock. Ice soon thrums through your veins, but if you think that it’ll make your dick softer than a creampuff, Vapor’s tongue has other ideas. Your dick’s soon embraced by her pink muscle as she nurses the shaft to stone-hard stiffness again. Around you, the other mares you’ve so adored are moving like clockwork. Flitter - her mane and face a mess from Glimmerlance’s honey - crawls over to Cloudchaser. Flutier’s journey was going at a snail’s pace, made slower by the fact one of her forehooves was rubbing furiously at her sloshing slit.The gasps that she makes - and that Cloudchaser joins in one when her twin sister leans down to lap at her cream-filled clit - send goosebumps through your body from their lewd, animalistic eroticism.In front of you, though, you see the familiar flash of pony butt as Vapor straddles your crotch, her soaking pussy just over your revitalized ramrod. However, Vapor’s leaning forward over the bed, and as Glimmerlance hauls up the limp Redheart by her barrel, you see why. Redheart’s needy moan rings out as she’s shoved against the backboard of the cot, now face-to-face with Vapor. “Get Vapor’s hips…” groaned Glimmer, as her horn goes to work again. This time, instead of gripping your dick, it summons more of them. Several sparkling, floating horsecocks appeart, transparent and stiff as she lowers one of them below Redheart. Glimmer is behind Redheart too, and you know there’s one cock magicked up between Glimmer’s thighs as well, because her hips grinding against the nurse’s ass makes her gasp with a needy cry of “Buck, Glimmer, put it in!” A third cock soon forms from Vapor’s snout, jamming into Redheart’s mouth faster than she could say humppocratic oath.“Yeah, you’re still being punished, Nurse Ravished.” Glimmerlance said with a mischievous grin.  Your hands softly grip Vapor’s flanks as Glimmerlance speaks. Vapor's tail flagged up at the sensation, and you’re so entranced by the ponut revealed and the plushness of Vapor’s ass you nearly miss what Glimmerlance says next. “Now shut up and get rutted. I’m going on Anon’s fat dick next, once I’m done bucking you into the floor.” With a mighty growl, Glimmerlance’s hips jerk forward, with less grace than if she’d normally take. The faint hint of sparkles behind Glimmer’s plump ass clues you in to why; there’s a third magical dildo she casted up, just as deep in Glimmer’s plothole as the one at her pelvis is within Redheart’s drenched slit. At the same time, your hips snap forward, Vapor’s clit hungrily wrapping around your massive member. Vapor’s shriek dies out around the muffling embrace of mana-cock as her maw meets Redheart’s. The gurgling sounds as Redheart deepthroats the length sticking out from Vapor’s mouth are rapturous. Right behind the trembling Vapor, the dense aroma of your ballmusk and Vapor’s honey hit your nose like a buck to the face, your nostrils flaring to take in more. That ambrosia spurs you on to thrust harder into Vapor, even though your prone position doesn’t allow for much force and your legs burn with the stress. Her pussy walls more than make up for your awkward pistoning, clenching around your cock hard enough to spur on your fitful and frequent thrusts. Vapor’s ponut undulates erotically before your eyes as her body is wracked by the temptations of your flesh.A symphony of wet, smacking slurps from the floor next to your bed briefly draws your attention back to the pega-twins’ mutual embrace. Flitter’s furious creampie-eating had evolved into a debauched, incestual sixty-nine, with the two mares muzzle-deep in each others’ eager, clenching pussies. The wavy-maned mare’s pretty face was coated in a thick, syrupy mix of yours and Cloudchaser’s mixed essences, but she was so intent on burying her entire face into her sister’s hole that she hardly seemed to care, if the cacophony of lewd noises coming from her end of the position was any indication…Your gaze was forcibly brought back to the mare riding your lap as she gave a quick series of slams down onto your hips, prodding your swollen cockhead into her cervix hard enough to make you wince. “J-jesus, Vapor!” you swore. But you admitted to yourself that she had a right to be impatient; it was rude to keep a mare waiting, after all!In an effort to make up for lost time, you redoubled your efforts on her back-end; your right hand flying into Vapor’s flank with a tremendously loud smack, giving everypony in the room a moment of wide-eyed awe as they spared a glance in your direction. The excited squeal that the pegasus gave into Redheart’s maw was equally erotic, vibrating the magical dildo attached to her snout in a way that drove the slutty nurse wild.Your hips slammed into Vapor’s ass with enough force to send those modest, light-turquoise cheeks jiggling intensely underneath your two-handed grip of her ass, a deep plap, plap, plap echoing around your hospital room as your lead herd-mare gyrated her hips against yours. The feeling of your sensitive, swollen head grinding itself against the sides of her walls as she swung about made you start to lose control of your thrusting. Varying the speed and depth of your motions inadvertently drove Vapor even more wild atop you, ramming the dick on her snout into Redheart’s throat with enough force to make the other mare choke and gag in surprise.You were far too focused on reaming your mare to care about any other pony at this point, though, and you felt yourself start to throb within Vapor’s depths as a familiar knot started to build up within your firm, swollen balls. Eyeing the mare’s inviting-looking ponut with mischief, you lifted one of your hands from its full-palm grip on her asscheek and wiggled a few of your fingers into her already-stretched entrance. The strange, mildly painful and unfamiliar sensation caused Vapor to shudder and shake. Not wasting any time, you pulled your fingers back out of her and began teasing your marecum-slickened fingers around the rim of her plump pucker. The mare shuddered as she felt your teasing touch and pressed herself back into your hand, eager for any sort of pleasure you were willing to provide.You coincided your next balls-deep thrust into her depths with the slip of one cum-slickened finger knuckle-deep in her tailhole, wriggling it wildly as you did so. The unfamiliar shock of the sensation drove Vapor to a sudden and violent climax, her depths clenching around you like a vice as a waterfall of her femcum doused your crotch and balls. An impassioned moan erupted from her throat as her body seized atop yours, and the unpredictable fluttering of her walls around your mare-breaking monster almost drove you over the edge in one fell swoop.Your pulsing balls pressed firmly into her soft teats as your battering ram pounded its way through her castle gate, pressing into the back of her womb and creating a prominent bulge in her tummy just as you felt yourself starting to cum. Your length throbbed and bulged ominously as you grit your teeth and ground yourself into her depths, your first gout of seed climbing its way up your length before erupting inside her like a firehose on full-blast.Vapor squealed loudly as her ebbing orgasm roared directly into a white-hot, hoof-curling experience, groaning inarticulately as her body spasms beyond her control. Her shakes are so intense that she nearly falls right off of the bed, but a quick grip around her hips keeps her steady as your cum-cannon blasts her brain to bits right in front of you.A bulge begins to grow in Vapor’s belly just as your release starts to ebb, and your shared symphony of moans and groans - aside from those made by the four other mares in the room - dies down to a contented silence. You’re only barely coherent enough to note how much larger your load was compared to the one you’d just had with Cloudchaser, but you considered that maybe Vapor was just smaller inside than CC. In any case, you weren’t exactly coherent enough to dwell on that thought, and you already felt yourself beginning to drift off in the blissful aftermath of your release.The continual stream of moans and lewd-sounding smacks and slurps coming from the head of the bed kept you from completely falling asleep, especially when an exhausted Vapor flopped backwards onto your chest. The magical phallus attached to her face disconnected from her as she did so, remaining lodged in Redheart’s throat as Glimmerlance’s blue aura took over its thrusting. Vapor sighed adorably in contentment as she snuggled into you, and you felt your cock begin to soften, as it slipped its way out of her.A loud, muffled squeal from the nurse’s stuffed maw brought your attention southward, and you stared in wide-eyed astonishment at the absolute destruction the lieutenant was giving the raunchy medicine-mare. The nurse’s grip on the end of the bed failed almost the moment that Vapor was no longer there to support her, and her front half flopped bonelessly to the cold tile. She was a gibbering, heart-eyed mess, legs trembling with the force of Glimmer’s full-length thrusts into her eager, clenching depths as the dominant mare reamed her with an endurance borne from years of combat training. Redheart’s nurse uniform was in shambles. Her skirt had been flipped up onto her back and the black panties of her lingerie-esque undergarments torn asunder by the guardsmare’s ferocious, lustful punishment. Her shapely flanks trembled under Glimmerlance’s unending assault on her marehood, the mind-bogglingly large magical construct between her legs pounding back-and-forth between the two of them with carnal intent. Moans, growls, and demeaning words flew from the mage’s mouth as her thrusts traded length and slowness for rapidity and depth. Mercilessly, she rutted Redheart into the floor as the nurse drooled mindlessly and let out whorish moans and squeaks with each thrust inward.“Yes! Harder! Please, punish me!” Redheart wailed, her hips still jutting toward Glimmer even in her debased position. “Don-gah! Don’t sto-umph!”Twice, Redheart tried to beg Glimmer to let her cum, and twice, Glimmer leaned down to slap the words right out of the other mare’s mouth. “No talking. No requests. You get what you get and you don’t throw a fit.” Yet, Glimmerlance’s hips pistoned her length deeper into the moaning medicine mare. “Now cum for me, you bucking bitch.” It was too much for her. Redheart’s snatch gushed around the magical intrusion pounding her vicelike folds. Her climax was slow and messy, but thanks to Glimmer’s refusal to let up on her slit, that orgasm extended for what felt like forever. Reheart’s wanton cries rang in your ears like bells as you watched her legs spasm uncontrollably. Soon, Glimmer’s ruthlessly drilling of Redheart’s drooling clit made the nurse lose her voice; her consciousness soon following it as the mare’s eyes rolled into her head. Only a couple seconds later, you heard Glimmerlance cum as well. “Buck, Redheart, you whorse, take it!” Glimmer screamed, threw her head back as her horn wildly flared up. The sorcerous shafts disappeared, their duties done as Glimmer’s clit sprayed its way over Reheart’s body. Her snow-whte fur was soon washed down with waves of fresh marecum from the unicorn’s gyrating hips as she moaned throatily in orgasmic bliss. Redheart bonelessly slumped to the floor as Glimmer braced her forehooves on the edge of the bed, the covers denting under her weight as her last spurts of honey dripped from her snatch. Soon, Glimmer finally reached out with her shaky forehooves, wrapping around the limp body of Vapor Trail. You almost wanted to complain as Glimmer pulled Vapor out of your cozy post-coital embrace, even as the sight of Glimmer kissing her deeply as a “parting gift” makes your flaccid cock stir to life again. Ripping her lips from Vapor’s with a loud smack, Glimmerlance’s smouldering eyes lock onto you.Suddenly, your mind returns to fears of dehydration once again.  Not exactly the most terrifying concern, considering what Glimmer looks like she wants to do to your hardening dick at the moment, but still.“So, Anon….” Glimmerlance cooed, crawling onto the bed with you at last. “I can still taste your fat cock on Vapor’s cute lips. I really think I missed out earlier.” Each of her hoofsteps takes her further up the covers, further up your prostrate body, until her dripping snatch is drizzling its sap over your dick.“Doesn’t hold a candle… to how that sweet length feels, Glimmer.” murmured Cloudchaser. Glimmer’s eyes roll over to her, and you swear you can hear Cloudchaser gasp in mini-orgasm. “Oh, I’ve no doubt.” Glimmer swallowed back a wad of saliva and your lingering cum. Once again, that horn ignites in its turquoise glow. Out of the corner of your eye, you see an obscenely large strap-on appear about Cloudchaser’s face, dropping to boop on Flitter’s nose with a soft thump. “Have a reward, Cloudy? Fastest way to Flitter’s heart, after all.”“It’s certainly long enough to, ‘Lance. So buckin’ big.” The rustling of fastened buckles and tightened straps filled the air as Cloudchaser hitched up her gift to her hips. “Aww, a perfect fit too. You shouldn’t have~” One of Cloudchaser’s hooves curled around the hefty tool, its curve matching the pegasus’ smile as she felt the silver bumps and ridges lining the strap-on.Your eyes were taken away from Flitter’s imminent clit-wrecking by Glimmerlance’s movement on your lap. She refused to wait to feel your dick against her clit, plopping her rump on your member with a soft squelch. “Oooh…” Softly, she ground her pussy against your lengthening cock, waiting until it was hard enough to crack bedrock before sultrily admonishing you. “Aww, Anon, you think I’m not ready to ride your dick till it’s dry? Are you already forgetting Zecora’s hut~?”Another snap of her hips, and you’re forced to bite your lip so hard it bleeds as Glimmer’s clit polishes your dick with her pungent nectar. The coppery taste revives your senses, your hands clasping the glorious circumferences of Glimmer’s squishy ass. Copping the pillowy feel, your tongue flits out, to both clean your lip of blood and distract from the blood rushing to your hungry cock. “N-no, I’m still sure I can handle you.”“Hmm.... we’ll see about that, stud~” Then Glimmerlance’s hindlegs flex against the bed as she lifts her hips up. To your surprise, the hoof she lowers to your dick levels it at her tailhole, her puckered entrance gaping as she lowers herself on your sensitive bulb. “Now plow your favorite tightass, Anon.”With a rapturous gasp, Glimmerlance sinks down at last.  Your thoroughly lubed length pushes into her dock with gradual force. Before you know it, she leans down to claim your mouth before you can do anymore damage to your lip. Your kiss is rough and passionate, perfect for her as she feels your cockhead pop into her asshole. Turning her head, she continues your liplock, her hips slowly jutting back as she swallows more and more of your shaft. Drool trickles from your lips to hers as she pulls back. “Pound me. I want to cum before Flitter does.” Glimmerlance’s shiny mouth breaking into a salacious, impish grin as she swivels her hips on your manhood. It’s more than enough to drive you to action, despite the burn prickling at your thighs. The feisty, domineering guardsmare had gone so far for you these past few days, and it was only fair you reward her for giving you another chance to plow your head-mare Vapor like an Appleloosan field.With a swift thrust of your hips, your thighs smack against Glimmer’s plump rump at last. The rippling jiggle of her ass as you hilt yourself in her makes your mouth hang open from the intoxicating eroticism. A savage growl rumbles from Glimmer’s throat as she braces her hooves on each side of your head. Right beside you, Flitter matches the growl with a high-pitched moan, Cloudchaser slamming into her drooling snatch in a swift, brutal motion that sends a deafening PLAP echoing off of the room’s plain walls.“Buck yeah...you’re taking my dick like a champion, little sis. You like it when I buck you like a street-corner whorse? That fat cock stretching you nice and deep?” Cloudchaser growled in her sister’s ear as her hips jackhammered into her face-down, ass-up sibling’s greedy snatch.Despite the furious fucking her older sister was giving her, Flitter was still coherent enough for a teasing response. “We both know Anon is way buckin’ bigger, Cici…” She groaned, wiggling her flanks back into Cloudchaser’s pounding underside. “Made me feel like my womb was gonna pop. Mmph!”“It ain’t just size, Flitts, it’s how ya use it,” Her long thrusts transitioned into short, jabbing motions that jostled the two of them around, their hooves scrabbling for grip on the cum-glazed tile as they continued their furious fucking. Cici dipped her head down to Flitter’s and nipped the tip of her ear with her broad teeth, making the wavy-maned mare give a nickering whinny of aroused surprise. “And you can bet that if I had a real stallionhood to rut ya with, I’d have bloated that cute little belly of yours with a foal or two already, Flitts.”Flitter's face became a curiously cherry-red shade as a shudder rolled through her from head-to-hoof. “Y-you don’t mean that, Cici...what would other ponies think?”“Buck them!” The domming mare snorted, accentuating her exclamation with a slam into Flitter’s plump flanks, making her squeal cutely as she felt the dildo’s flared head prodding her depths. “Hornheads get away with buckin’ their close relatives all the time, and you don’t see anyone making a fuss about it. Nnf!” Another hard thrust punctuated the end of her sentence, and Flitter shook and shuddered as an electrifying wave of orgasmic bliss crashed through her nerves. “Princess Twilight and her brother have definitely bucked their parents - and each other - at least once; have you seen the way they act around each other? It’s such an obvious facade.”“Mmh, nobles may be kinky, but I’m way kinkier - slap my ass, sis! Ahhhn~!” Flitter let out a whimpering moan as CC obliged her request, clenching around the strap-on hard enough to force Cloudchaser to pause in her thrusting for a moment - before, with a grunt of exertion, the spiky-maned pegasus overcame her sister’s internal resistance and pounded her way into the mare’s depths with relentless fervor, pressing insistently at her deepest barrier with rock-hard determination. Flitter let out a cute little squeak as her nervous system went into overdrive from the intense stimulation, and shuddered in place as her eyes rolled into the back of her head.“Rrrgh, buck! Fill my fat buckin’ flanks, Anon!” Glimmer growled demandingly as she ground her fat ass against your pelvis, glaring jealously at the cumming Flitter as Cloudchaser smirked at her in sickeningly smug triumph.You bit your lip to suppress your own moan of pleasure as you gripped onto Glimmer’s tail and gave it a good yank, pressing her against you as deeply as either of you could possibly go as you felt your fat nuts clench against her winking marehood, drawing up towards her hungrily clenching ponut. Her generous flanks and vice-tight ring of muscle cushioned and massaged your cock with expert efficiency, bringing you effortlessly to a spine-tingling eruption inside her deepest reaches.“Unnnf-f-f-ffffuck!” You groaned and stuttered through clenched teeth, gripping her ass firmly in your sizable hands as your thick, churning release flooded her depths, giving the mare’s belly a noticeable paunch as what had to be your last orgasm of the day was wrung out of you by this ravenous, insatiable butt-slut of a mare!Glimmer flopped bonelessly back onto your chest, giving you the opportunity to wrap one arm around her midsection and give a few jabbing, reflexive bucks into her ass just as your orgasm was finishing itself off.After the last few grunts of exertion from both you and Cloudchaser, and some contented, drowsy whimpering from your respective mates, your room had finally quieted down from the heady orchestra of debauchery that it’d become many minutes prior.A quick pattern of knocks at the door echoed through the room before it swung open with a click, Dr. Horse strolling into the room while looking down at a clipboard. “Alright, Mr. Anon, I think we can safely discharge y-...bwuh?” The doctor paused mid-sentence, coming to an abrupt halt as the clipboard was released from his magical grip and clattered noisily to the floor. All eyes in the room - that were still vaguely conscious - snapped wide-eyed to him, and an awkward silence ensued for several moments.Dr. Horse sniffed the air and shuddered, and a couple of the mares’ gazes snapped to the involuntary half-chub that had erupted from his sheath before focusing back on his face. “I’ll just...c-come back later, then!” He stuttered out, bolting from the room and slamming the door shut behind him.“I am so getting fired…” Redheart groaned weakly from her prone position on the floor.“Anon’s fat dick is worth getting court-martialed over, Red…mmh...” Glimmerlance countered as she snuggled herself against your gown-clad chest.Hours later, when you and the large group of mares had recovered from your intense romp, Dr. Horse returned with your discharge papers (while pointedly avoiding any sort of eye contact with any of your herdmates, as well as Redheart herself) and allowed you and your herdmates - plus Redheart, whose shift had ended by that point - to head back to your shared house. It was getting worryingly crowded by this point, and you briefly contemplated discussing a change of living arrangements with your mares, but today had been more than enough excitement as it was. Talks of your shared future could wait until tomorrow…Stepping through the double doors of The Water Trough, you took a deep breath and sighed, the smell of cheap liquor, cigarette smoke, vomit and stale peanuts filtering through your nostrils. R&B music echoed through the jukebox in the corner as you strode across the room, the other occupants going about their normal business, not even glancing in your direction. After your time spent in the small town, in the bar especially, ponies just got used to you. Climbing atop a special seat built to accommodate your height and weight, you rapped your knuckles on the counter to wait for Top Shelf to take your order. As you were a regular, you and the barkeep were on a first name basis.Your name is Anonymous, or "Anon" for short and you had the supreme honor of being Equestria's first and only human in existence. You'd just come home from work and barely shut the door when a crazy light enveloped you and had you hurtling through time and space, definitely not screaming at the top of your lungs like a nine-year-old girl. You tumbled across a hard surface and when you'd gotten your bearings, you'd discovered that you were in a crystal castle of some kind and furthermore, a collection of wide-eyed technicolor ponies were gawking at you. You did not freak out and started swinging a nearby hat rack at them (despite only one of them actually wearing a hat) while not hysterically screaming for them to avoid any rectal probing. Eventually, after calming you down (which consisted of the purple one tying you up in magical bonds while the soft-voiced yellow one stroked your head), the lead pony named Twilight Sparkle explained that she was performing a spell to yank an object through separate universes but accidentally grabbed you.Twilight was nice enough to give you a room while she and the other princesses figured out a way to send you back home. After weeks of trial and error, however, they came up empty-handed...or empty-hoofed and explained that you were essentially stuck here. Maintaining your composure, you simply walked to the nearest bar (since it was a small town, they only had one) and drank yourself silly. You totally did not curl up into a ball and start crying, bemoaning the fact that you'd never see your parents or your cat Chairman Meow again. Nope, you handled it like a total boss and Fluttershy did not have to be called in to take you back to the castle, snuggling with you until you fell asleep.Nobody's buying this, huh?Anyway, you eventually got over the pang of never being back home but it was only through the combined efforts of time, introspection and the support of your amazing new friends. And booze. Lots and lots of booze. Seriously, how weren't you dead from alcohol poisoning by now?A red-brown unicorn came into view, a light purple aura telekinetically wiping a glass with a cloth. Shit, magic was cool! Top Shelf was easily the best bartender you'd ever met, being witty and friendly but not afraid to let you know if you were being a dick. He had this mustache and mane style that made you think of a 70's porn star, you know with the fluffy hair and thick Jesse Ventura-type mustache like in Predator. Honestly, why did Jesse have to ditch it? He looks like an angry potato without it!"Hey Anon," Top Shelf grunted. "Back to try and kill your liver?"You grinned, "'Try' is the key word. Bastard is hard to kill, you know?""That I get. My grandfather had a bottle of beer with every meal until the day he died.""What'd he die of?""Crushed by a fallen piano," he answered without a hint of humor in his voice."Oh. Well hey, at least he knows how to play B-flat."The stallion narrowed his eyes at you and you were afraid he was going to introduce his hind hoof to your anus when he burst out into laughter. "Oh sweet Celestia, that's a good one! I'm going to have to remember that one! Ha-ha-ha, 'B-flat!'"You broke into nervous chuckling while subtly checking your pants for shit. "Glad you think so, Top.""Whew! So, what can I get for you?""I'll take a double whisky on the rocks."Top Shelf nodded and went to work preparing your drink. Normally you would share a drink and a good yarn with a mare named Berryshine, who became a good friend and drinking buddy. Unfortunately, she was busy that day so you decided to fly solo. Either way was fine for you and you were glad that Berryshine had something else to do besides drink. She was an even worse alcoholic than you were!You heard a sigh beside you and you nearly fell over when you saw who'd taken a seat. It was Rarity, fashion designer and Miss Prim-And-Proper herself, in a dump like this. Hey, it was a dump but it was your dump! It'd be like Anna Wintour visiting a bar in Chicago and ordering a margarita. Some things just don't mix."Rarity?"The mare turned and gave you a lazy smile. "Hello Anonymous. I bet you're surprised to see me here.""'Surprised' is an understatement," you retorted as Top Shelf set your drink down in front of you. "What in the name of Princess Celestia's giant keister are you doing here?""Barkeep? I'll have a glass of your best wine.""Coming up, miss."Rarity then sighed and placed her chin on her hooves. "I'm feeling rather down and I know how often you come in here so I thought I'd come check it out for myself."A glass full of red wine was deposited in front of her."Here you go, miss.""Thank you," Rarity muttered and took a sip. "That's surprisingly not bad.""So why are you here?" You were legitimately curious. "You're a classy, elegant lady. This is the last place that I'd expect you to be."Rarity smiled at this, a real smile. "I suppose I wanted a change of pace. Misery loves company after all."And Annie Wilkes loves Misery, You thought to yourself. Ponies still didn't get half the jokes and references you made so you often told them to yourself. "What happened?"Taking another sip of wine, Rarity stared into her glass. "I guess I'm just doubting myself."You scooted closer. "In what way? I wouldn't imagine somepony like you having room for doubt."There was that smile again. Man, she had a great smile. And a nice rump too. Yeah, you weren't ashamed to admit that you'd wonder what it'd be like a fuck a pony. An Equestrian pony, not an Earth one. It only made sense, seeing as how you were the only human here and all there was were ponies. You'd become aware of the shape of their curves, the crescents that lay beneath their swaying tails and their perky little udders. One of these days, you were totally going to stick your wick in one."I certainly hide it well, don't I?" Rarity tittered wryly. "I mean, the confidence, the poise, the voice." She then frowned. "It's just not enough. I'm not enough."You emptied your drink. "What are you talking about? You're a goddamn national hero! You're one of the richest ponies in Equestria and a fashion icon! Everypony loves you!"You could see your praise was having somewhat of an effect but she still looked dejected. "Do they? Or do they love what I represent?" She swirled her wine around and sipped it. "They love Rarity the Hero, Rarity the Fashionista, Rarity the Face of Cosmare and Neighbelline. But do they love Rarity the Mare?"The wheels in your head turned. "You think that everypony only cares about your wealth and fame."Rarity nodded solemnly and downed her glass. "Barkeep, another. And leave the bottle.""You've got it, miss," Top Shelf replied, refilling Rarity's glass and setting the bottle in front of her."Thank you." No longer satisfied with dainty little sips, she took to gulping the wine down. She nodded and turned towards you. "You've hit the proverbial nail on the head, Darling."You were flabbergasted. "What about your friends? Your family? They love you.""I know but, and I'm ashamed of even saying this, but they're not enough." Rarity ran a hoof around the rim of her glass. "I want a relationship. You know, coltfriend, marriage, foals? And yet, so far, all of the stallions I've met are shallow, inconsiderate, sex-crazed ego-maniacs!" Noticing your expression, she cleared her throat and touched up her mane. "My apologies.""There's no need to apologize, Rarity. I'd be pissed if I were in your horseshoes," you admitted and then thanked Top Shelf when he refilled your glass. "Actually, I sympathize."One perfect eyebrow went up. "You do?"You nodded and stared straight ahead. "I'm in a world where I'm the only one of my kind and excluding Ponyville, the citizens of said world go out of their way to avoid me, at best seeing me as a freak and at worst, something that needs to crawl into a hole and die."Something touched your left hand and you saw it was a hoof, prompting you to look at Rarity. There was such sadness behind those blue orbs as well as guilt. "I'm so sorry, Anon. I've only been thinking about what I've been going through and I ignored how you must feel."You laid your other hand atop her hoof, gently stroking the toe and walls with your thumb. "It's okay, really. You've had a lot on your mind so there's no need to beat yourself up."Rarity shook her head. "It's not okay. You're my friend and I should've taken your feelings into consideration.""Well as your friend, I forgive you." You grinned and she did the same. "Tell you what: why don't us two, lonely souls just sit here and drink? It's on me.""Anon, I couldn't possibly-...""It's fine, really. I've got plenty of bits and besides, I know you're the Element of Generosity but just once, can't you let someone else do something nice for you just for the hell of it?"Contemplating your words, Rarity nodded. "Since you put it so elegantly, why not?""Hey Top Shelf?"The bartender slid across the floor and faced you. "What can I do you for?""We're going to have some more wine and whiskey. A lot more."~*~Rarity leaned against you for support as you both stumbled your way back to Carousal Boutique, red-faced and stinking of booze but high in mirth. Although you'd drunken quite a lot that night, you were only slightly buzzed, having long since built up a tolerance to spirits thanks to your time spent at The Water Trough. Your companion, however, was obviously not accustomed to imbibing large amounts of alcohol, having gotten tipsy from only drinking half the bottle. The mare was currently latched onto your arm with a foreleg while her unoccupied hoof clasped the wine bottle. A glass of wine floated above her head, surrounded in her signature light blue magic aura.As it turns out, Drunk Rarity was a fan of singing."In Docklin's fair city, where the mares are so *hic!* pretty...!"She always had a lovely singing voice, but it was currently hampered by her intoxicated state, coming out screechy and slightly off-key, interrupted here and there with giggles or hiccups."...I first laid eyes on...he-he-he...sweet Molly Malope!"You were soon at the door of the boutique and after missing the lock a couple of times, you managed to unlock the door and usher Rarity inside, who was mercifully done with her caterwauling. Slamming the door with your foot, you flipped the light switch and blinked a couple of times at the change in visuals. You hung your coat up-only for it to fall down-and jumped ten feet in the air when something shattered. Rarity had dropped both the wine glass and bottle, watching disheartened as the red liquid seeped across the floor. She stared up at you, tears in her eyes and gesturing towards the mess with both forelegs."Why? It's such a waste! This is the worst thing ever!"You shook your head and dragged yourself to the kitchen, inadvertently knocking over a chair and a few knick-knacks. A few paper towels fixed the spilled wine issue and you stood back to appraise your quick thinking. You turned and couldn't help but snicker as Rarity thumped one forehoof then the other on the first step of the stairs. She wobbled unsteadily, making it up to the third step before collapsing on the stairs. You did not let out a high-pitched giggle at the sight."Anooooon! Help me," she whimpered with a pouting lip. "The stairs are being rude!"Oh, those eyes. You couldn't help but be pulled towards them. Gently lifting the mare up bridal-style, you slowly stomped up the stairs, being careful to not lose your footing. Turning the corner, you bumped your shoulder into the wall beside the door, corrected yourself and grabbed a hold of the knob as if holding on for dear life. With a twist, you shoved the door open.You'd only ever been in Rarity's bedroom once, having to help her search for a missing earring the day of an important press conference for the opening of a store in Las Pegasus. A quick jab to the light switch with your elbow caused the room to be illuminated, revealing the big canopied bed and purple curtains. You carefully deposited Rarity on the bed, ensuring that her head was on the pillow. You sunk to your knees beside the bed and sighed, thinking back on what a weird but ultimately fun night you had. You heard the mattress squeak beside you."Oh Anon?" You turned and your jaw dropped. Rarity was laying on her side with one foreleg propping her head up, the other rubbing her stomach in little circles. "You're not thinking of leaving, are you?""I...I was hoping you'd let me spend the night. The couch sounds pretty nice."She giggled sultrily and gave you a half-lidded stare. "How gallant of you. But as you can see, there's plenty of room for both of us." You could feel your boner rising. "Wouldn't you like that...Darling?" You'd heard Rarity use that word so often but never in that context. She was horny and wanted your dick.Awesome!However, the more responsible part of your brain woke up just in the nick of time. You managed to pull yourself to your feet. "R-Rarity, listen, you're had too much to drink and you're not thinking straight-...""Oh sweet Anon, I am thinking straight," Rarity interjected, undressing you with her eyes. "Don't blame the wine. I've wanted you for so long that it hurts." Her tone went from seductive to desperate. "I've thought about having you inside me." Her hoof traveled southward, your eyes tracking its movement as it came to rest on her most holy of holies. Using the toe, she forced her lower lips open, revealing her engorged and wet vulva. "Don't you want me too?"You swallowed hard. "Fuck yes. But you're drunk...and I don't want to take advantage of you."The hoof moved up and down, eliciting a moan from the unicorn. "It's not taking advantage if we both want it," she murmured, her slit now winking at you, serving as a silent beacon calling for your dick. Speaking of your dick, it had become so erect from Rarity's lewd little display that it was starting to hurt.You knelt beside the bed and placed a hand on her cheek. "I want this. I want you." Indigo eyes shimmered in the light and you could swear you saw tears. Slowly, you leaned forward until your lips met. Apart from the fuzz surrounding her lips and the slight pronouncement of her muzzle, it was no different than kissing a human woman. Maybe it was the forbidden nature of the act or the needy whimpers of the mare beneath you as you locked lips but right now, you'd never wanted anyone as badly as you wanted her.You started out gentle, knowing that it was how she'd want to be treated but you were surprised when she shoved her mouth firmly against yours, her lips smacking and suckling, demonstrating her apparently long-held desire for you. You quickly reciprocated, your hand caressing her cheek as you pressed harder down onto her mouth. Your tongue slipped in between her teeth and hers was there to meet it. They lapped at one another, no pattern, no rhythm, only lust. She tasted like wine, a nutmeg-infused sweet and tangy concoction that helped to send more blood downward.You both pulled away, heaving in the air you'd lost in your kiss. As you looked at one another, something seemed to click in both of your alcohol-addled brains. You scratched one of her ears, an action that earned you an appreciative purr. "I don't want this to just be a one-night stand.""G-good. Me neither, Anon.""I really like you," you admitted.Rarity smiled. "I really like you too. You're so sweet and you treat me and my friends right."Uncertainty creeped into the back of your head. "So you don't...you don't mind that I'm not a pony?"She giggled but you could tell there was some doubt there as well. "Not at all. I'll admit that I once saw you as well, you. Over time, I found myself intrigued by your appearance. Does it matter that I'm not a human?"You lightly kissed her lips. "No. You're beautiful the way you are."She blushed at this. "And you're very handsome yourself. Anon, it's...well, been a long time since I've been...intimate with anypony.""How long is a 'long time'?""A few months?"You raised an eyebrow."A few years."Sitting down on the bed, you pulled her into your arms. "It doesn't matter. You and me, that's what matters.""Then let's get started." Her horn glowed and your shirt burst open, scattering buttons all over the room. Before you could protest, Rarity's lips crashed against your own, her hooves sliding over your now exposed chest. Alright, fuck the shirt. Your fingers trailed her chest, moving down her stomach and udders before coming to rest on her marehood and without a second thought, you dove right in.Rarity's head snapped back, a low moan escaping her lips. You grasped at the nub, pinching and teasing it before using your index and middle fingers to spread her lips, earning you a moaning huff. She was putty in your hands. You curled your fingers inside them, moving them in a clockwise motion. You grinned as Rarity slammed her head back onto the pillow and you traveled upward. Now, if only you could find that magic spot..."Uh, uh, Anon!"...Found it.Relentlessly, you focused your attack on that one spot. Rarity's eyes clenched shut at the over-stimulation, her chest heaving as she fought to steady her breathing. Before you could go any further, the front of your pants were surrounded by a blue aura before being burst open, snapping your zipper and yanking the button right off. You noticed a look of pure lust on Rarity's panting face. She lifted her head up and stared you down."Enough...games. I...want...your...cock!"Your hands quickly seized your Li'l Anon and pulled it out of the slit in your underwear, allowing it to stand proudly for Rarity to see. Wait, what if she didn't like it? The shape was all wrong and despite the fact that you were more than half the size of a regular pony, you knew that stallions packed bigger dicks. Doubt was a terrible and intrusive foe that crumpled the will of even the most powerful of men. Even through your semi-drunken haze, you felt ashamed of your freakish anatomy.However, this all changed when you saw Rarity eyeing your Johnson the same way Twilight does a new book. Rolling onto her side, Rarity rose to her hooves and slowly approached your erection, her nostrils flaring at some scent you couldn't detect. She pressed her face fight against your dick, inhaling your scent and even moaning in the process. Her tongue darted out and gave your shaft a long, hard lick, flicking at the head to catch some pre-cum that'd gathered there. Her eyes were practically pinpricks at this moment."A-Anon?" She managed, her chest shuddering as she took a breath. "Fuck me."Damn, talk about a motivator!Seizing the mare by her luscious hips, you spun around so that you were laying down and she was seated on your stomach. It was a nice change to see the diminutive mare looming over you, her eyes glazed over with raw carnality. Walking backwards, she raised her butt above your cock, a thin layer of mare cum drizzling over it. Slowly, she lowered herself so that the head prodded her lips, drawing a hiss out of both of you. Even if it was just the entrance, she was internally hotter than any girl you'd slept with before and you were looking forward to exploring her depths.Rarity's lips grabbed at your head every time it entered, massaging it and giving it a sneak peak at how the rest of her would feel. You were eager and rearing to go but this was nice too, a nice little appetizer before the main course. This was new but the pleasure you were getting from it garnered no complaints from you. You watched as Rarity levitated your necktie off of you and poked her head through the loop, letting it fall around her neck. She then winked at you and you blushed, excited at the prospect of owning something that'd been in contact with Rarity.Then, without warning, she slammed her butt down, taking your entire length inside of her."JesustapdancingChristonawaterbed!"Spots danced across your eyes, your member encased by the smooth, soft insides of Rarity's love canal. She was hot before but now she was boiling! It was a wonder that you didn't nut immediately considering your dual situation of no sex and the snugness of easily the best pussy you'd ever been inside of. You noticed Rarity had gone completely still, her mouth flapping open and closed but nothing was coming out. You were about to ask her if she was okay when-"Ahhhhhuuuuuuahhh!You felt her clench herself around you, her body lightly shuddering atop you. A flood of mare cum seeped down your hips and thighs. Damn, it really had been a long time for her!"Rarity...did you just cum?"Floating down from her high, the mare peered down at you shamefully, her hooves reaching up to touch her burning cheeks. "I...um....yes. I'm so sorry!"You rubbed her hips. "Shhh, hey it's okay. It was actually kind of hot to think that I made you cum so easily."She sniffled, "R-really?""Really."Seeing your nod, Rarity went from embarrassed to coquettish. "Oh, is that so?" She sat up, your dick sliding along her velvety interior and drawing a groan from the both of you. She descended, letting out a squeak. "You're going to cum in me." It wasn't a suggestion. "Mmmmm," she moaned, building up a steady rhythm. "You're going to mark me, make me your mare...ah!"Your hands grasped her thick rump, squeezing the pliable flesh of her cheeks between your fingers. Rarity mewled at this so you squeezed a little harder, her humps increasing in speed. Just a few hours ago, you were just some strange alien in a world that didn't care about you. Now you had one of its greatest heroes, a drop-dead sexy mare that stallions would kill to be with, moaning whorishly as she bounced in your lap, riding your dick like a pogo stick. You weren't one to be smug but who's the freak now, assholes?Up, down, up, down, Rarity went, her distinctive coif bouncing in tune with her strokes. Sweat trickled down her brow, her mouth jutting out as she sputtered out words you never in a million years would've heard her say. It was getting harder and harder to stave off your own orgasm. Don't cum, don't cum, don't cum! You repeated this mantra over and over in your head but the breathtaking mare riding you wasn't making it easy.Okay, Betty White naked! A fat guy vomiting! Aunt Margaret in a bikini! Wait, why isn't that one working?!The wet smacking of your hips meeting filled the room along with the stench of sex. Thankfully, Rarity's little sister Sweetie Belle wasn't staying over tonight so you could partake in this inter-species romp. Plus, it'd be a shame if you ended up traumatizing the poor filly. I mean, who would want that on the night you and Rarity first got intimate?Gyrating her hips, Rarity stared down at you hungrily, her sweat-matted mane covering one eye. You realized that she'd been doing all of the work and that was no good. You grabbed a hold of her midsection and hefted her off of your soaking lap. She sputtered puzzlingly at you."A-Anon, what do you think you're-...?"Switching to a seated position, you impaled Rarity down onto your dick, bringing out a howl of pleasure from the unicorn. You repeated the motion, creating a new cycle comprised of lifting her up and slamming her back down. Sweet Jehoshaphat, it was incredible! You thrust into her at the same time you rammed your hips together, making her scream in delight. Her tongue lolled out of her mouth, her forelegs flopping at her sides."Rarity, I don't think I can last much longer..."Your confession snapped Rarity out of her reverie. "Yes, yes! Fill me with your seed! Breed me!""You realize that I can't actually get you-...""Pump me full of your cum! Ravage me!"Who can argue with that?Your upstrokes increased, your hips bucking wildly. No longer capable of comprehensible speech, Rarity was reduced to incoherent blubbering and wails of passion. You could feel yourself approaching the edge. With a final thrust, you grit your teeth and grunted as your cock erupted."Fuckfuckfuckfuck!"Rarity convulsed as she was filled with your semen, a low shriek passing her lips. Rope after rope entered her womb and after the seventh spurt, you finally felt your balls relax. Your toes uncurled and you finally laid your head back down. Jizz seeped from Rarity's marehood and pooled around your stomach but you didn't care. You just had the biggest orgasm of your life and even better, it was with someone that you cared about.Speaking of which, Rarity gave it a minute before weakly rising off of your now-soft dick, which plopped out of her folds as she tumbled onto the bed beside you. You wrapped both arms around her and pulled her close, setting her head on your chest. Neither one of you spoke, instead simply enjoying each other in your post-coital bliss. You gently trailed your fingertips along her coat, something that evidently you both enjoyed. She took to lazily drawing little figure-eights on your stomach.Ten minutes had passed before a small voice spoke up."Anon?"You turned, finding Rarity staring tenderly at you. "Yeah?"Biting her lip, she searched your face for something. "Who am I to you?"You smiled, "Rarity the Mare" and kissed her above her right eye.This made her giggle and she hummed in delight."What about me?"Rarity yawned and closed her eyes. "The best thing to ever happen to me," she murmured and before long, was fast asleep. Your heart slowed down at her words before resuming its normal pace."Me too, Rarity," you smiled and drifted off to sleep.“Hey, mister!~”Above the general hubbub of the town square, a filly’s voice rings out loud and clear. It’s the first voice you’ve distinctly made out that’s aimed in your general direction that wasn’t from a vendor, so you turn your head, peering over your stuffed saddlebags. There are a few stalls, lots of bartering ponies, even a few colts with their mothers, but no filly…“Over here!”This time the voice calls out from a slightly different direction. Any doubt you might have had about who it was addressing vanishes; clearly she’d seen you reacting to her voice. And, sure enough, a quick turn is all it takes to meet a pair of forest-green filly eyes that stare back at you, framed by a cheerful red sash around her neck and a little green Filly Scouts cap atop her two-toned orangeish mane. As you trot closer, heading all the way down the alley she tucked herself into, she beams, displaying a smile that could melt snow with its warmth. In a way, it’s nice to see someone that’s excited to see you...even if it was to try and give you a sales pitch, which most everypony in the marketplace did. But that’s just how things were.“My name’s Ginger Snap!” the filly chirps as you come to a stop right in front of her, and what looks to be a crude wooden box constructed by...well, probably her. As she stands taller, you notice that she’s wearing a sash covered in just about every single merit badge you’ve ever seen on a Filly Scout, and then some. “I’m collecting donations for the Filly Scouts’ Helping Hooves program. All proceeds go towards our efforts to support organizations who help ponies in need of essentials like food, shelter, and other stuff like that. Do you wanna donate anything today?”Your eyes flick to a triangular sign that rests on the ground in front of you, barely coming up to knee height: Raising funds for Filly Scouts, punctuated with a hoof-drawn heart. It’s just all so endearing; her smile, how excited she sounds to be helping out, and the handmade sign and box, presumably where she put donations in. But...you can’t help but hesitate. You’ve got some wiggle room in your bit bag due to some particularly successful haggling, but...that wiggle room is usually saved towards next week’s groceries. Money doesn’t grow on trees after all, and while you’ll help others less fortunate than yourself...you’ll have less of a cushion than you’d prefer.Almost as if noticing your hesitation, Ginger Snap pipes up again, tilting her head and blinking twice as she speaks up, slightly less chipper but still eager: “Anything helps, mister; even just one bit can make a difference!”Ouch. You know she didn’t mean anything by it, but the implications of her words hit you like a train. Why were you being so stingy? Realistically speaking, you wouldn’t miss those extra bits that much, but someone else would be way happier to have them, or the good that they produced. In fact, though it might have been crazy in the other direction, your mind is made up as you unbutton a flap on your saddlebag and shove your hoof in there, before pulling out your bit pouch.“Okay.” This comes out a bit rougher than you intend, but you make up for it by proceeding to toss the little Filly Scout the entire thing. It’s not everything you have of course; just everything extra you still had left over after getting everything you needed. At a rough estimate by weight...60 bits or so.Ginger Snap’s eyes widen as she hefts the sack in her hoof, and she gazes up at you with wonder, as if she’s never seen anypony give so much at once before. “Woah, m-mister...are you sure?”“Yeah. It’s my good turn of the day. Why not?”“Your…oh, of course, mister! Thank you so much!” Her eyes light up as she catches on; you’re intimately familiar with the scouts and their code thanks to a few chatty nieces. One of their little rules, or codes of honor, is to ‘do a good turn daily’ – or in simpler terms, do something good for somepony at least once a day. Do your part. They’ve got tons of these phrases but this one is the one that the scouts all seem to live by most eagerly...including this one. Feeling a lot happier, you turn to walk away. You can see why they live by that mantra...doing good feels good.“W-wait, mister!”You stop; Ginger wants your attention again. Your head swivels to find that she’s sat back down, shyly turned partially away but still meeting your gaze.  You arch an eyebrow, and she swallows and speaks up:“I forgot to tell you...you get a reward for donating, too!”“It’s okay, I don’t –““But I insist!” Ginger Snap says, moreso pleading than actually insisting. Even though she’s literally asking to reward you, you can’t help but feel a little weirded out as you trudge back. Donating was fine, but...you’d neither expected nor wanted to get anything for it. Come to think of it…“Okay...what is the reward?”A second passes as Ginger Snap closes her eyes, takes a deep breath, and then opens them again. Almost immediately, she seems to flip a switch. Gone is the wide, wholesome smile she had pinned to her face, replaced by a naughty little smirk. Her wide-eyed expression full of optimism changes as she lowers her eyelids and arches her eyebrows, keeping her head cocked to the side but her eyes locked onto yours. Her stance changes as she spreads her hind legs out, but confidently places a forehoof between them. Her voice almost transforms as she still sort of chirps out, but more so purrs out her answer;“You get one free blowjob, mister!”“...what.”There isn’t really anything better to say. She’d let loose that phrase so expertly that your dick responds almost immediately, bobbing gently in anticipation. Without looking down, you could feel it growing along your stomach, pulsing, twitching…Ginger’s gaze moves and locks directly onto your still-growing shaft. “Oh, don’t what me, mister...I can tell you’d love to~”She...isn’t wrong, at least at some level. She seems to know it, too, as she stands back up, stepping forward very deliberately, swinging her hips. She’s no longer making eye contact; her eyes are on the prize, so to speak. She stops as she comes to stand directly beneath you, the tip of her scout hat tickling your chest ever so slightly. You can feel her warm breath cascading over your shaft as she stands there, no doubt taking it fully in. A few agonizing seconds pass as your cock finally comes to full attention, rock-hard and pressed firmly against your midsection. Waiting, wanting, raring to go. Everything else stands still, every other one of your muscles. Even your breathing catches for a bit as she slowly swishes her tail, sways back and forth, and just...breathes on your stiffening rod. It has you far more aroused than you’d like to admit by the time she speaks again.“So…how about it, mister? We can call this one of my good turns of the day, if it makes you feel better!”It feels so wrong but so right, both at the same time. You have several questions, but none of them are vocalized. Most of your blood is busy with stiffening your pride and joy, and not much is in your head driving your rational thinking anymore. Your head feels almost like it’s on fire in a peculiar mix of embarrassment and arousal.  She’s just a filly, but...she clearly knows what she wants, and...nopony in the plaza far behind seems close enough or interested enough to notice you two. You seem to have the relative privacy, if you so choose, to let this filly do her thing. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity; the chance to feel an eager, young mouth closing around your shaft, sinking deeper, enjoying every single inch you had to offer…Fuck it. Running on pure adrenaline, you finally manage to open your mouth to speak and take her up on her offer:“O-okay.”“Great! I promise, this’ll be fun for both of us! Scout’s honor!” And just as if nothing had happened, Ginger Snap steps back out from under you, beaming widely once more, this time with heavily red-tinted cheeks (though surely not as red as your own). With a grand gesture, she points to the box she’d been sitting next to earlier. “Why don’t you sit down, spread out, and I’ll get you...warmed up?~”You obey, plopping onto the short wooden platform as you shrug your saddlebags off, leaving them to flop on the ground like two sacks of potatoes. The box creaks momentarily but then holds fine. Your mind is still swirling with questions as she saunters on over agonizingly slowly. Where did this filly learn this stuff? More to the point...why was she making you so aroused? You want to just pin her down and take her, but your conscience still demands that you let her take the lead. Even though she was a...rather sexually tempting and seemingly experienced filly, she was still a filly. Who knew what would happen if you went all out?...she probably knew what would happen. But you weren’t going to risk it.Finally, Ginger finds a comfortable place between your legs. Even though you’re quite low to the ground – two feet of elevation at most – she still has to stand straight to bring herself anywhere near to a level footing with your gently-twitching cock. She says nothing for a moment, but just closes her eyes and inches closer and closer; one of her forehooves comes to rest on your thigh and begins rubbing it, while her snout gets ever nearer, until...she finally touches it.She keeps her muzzle there, at the base of your cock but above your balls, and smiles, opening her eyes again. This time her smile is less innocent, and more...hungry. “Mmmm, gosh...this is a real treat for me, mister…” she murmurs, inhaling deeply. You can’t help but to shudder at the exact time she does, though she has much more cause, seeing as she’s directly inhaled as much of your slowly-building musk as she can. “It’s not every day a...stud like you comes by~”You don’t know if she’s telling the truth or flattering you, but you don’t really care. All you care about is how forcefully you can feel yourself reacting. It’s almost painful how much she’s teasing you. Against your better wishes, you can feel your hips twitch, and you can feel your shaft slide along the Filly Scout’s muzzle. It feels good, but it’s nothing compared to what she does next.“Oh? I see you are eager to...donate again~”With a giggle that rests firmly in between the realms of angelic and devilish, Ginger Snap sticks her tongue out, as if preparing to blow a raspberry...but then instead slowly tilts her head upwards, dragging it along the underside of your cock. You bite your lip and grab on tightly to the corners of the box, feeling spikes of pleasure shoot down your length. You can’t help but groan softly as she keeps doing it, but makes sure to tilt her head and approach from different angles every time. She even noses slowly down to your balls, pauses...and then takes one into her mouth, sucking it gently like it was a jawbreaker, trying to savor every bit of flavor that she could. Her tail starts swaying side to side again as she works, slurping and gently tugging every couple of seconds.“F...fuck.”“Mmmm...” Ginger finally lets go with a wet pop and tilts her head in an all-too-familiar manner. “Little salty, but wow, mister...you taste good!”“Uhhh...thanks?” What else was she expecting you to say to that?Evidently nothing, because she moves on. She wiggles up onto her hind legs, and uses a hoof to bend your cock down until it’s pointed right at her face. She goes cross-eyed as she stares at the tip, quietly panting. After a brief silence, she leans forward, licking the very tip of your thoroughly-engorged head. Fuck. That’s a weak spot. It’s a good thing you’re sitting down, otherwise your legs buckling would have been a much bigger problem. Almost as if she’s intending to torture you, she keeps at it; licking the tip, swirling her tongue around the flared edges, and even taking in big, obvious whiffs of your scent. Before long, she has you squirming both from the physical and mental stimulation; not only was she hitting all the right spots with her small, warm, wet filly tongue, but the way she seemed to utterly adore your cock added a kind of taboo. Not a wholly negative one, although the fact that you were surely dead if anyone saw you letting a filly lick your cock was still at play...but this was something you almost never saw with older partners; an undying eagerness – no, craving – to tease, find every single right spot, and have fun doing so. And she was...so young. That made it all the more impressive that she knew what to do…and did it so well.“Warmed up enough, mister?” Ginger Snap snickers lightly as you drift back to reality.  You nod, and she bounces happily. “Good! In fact, I think I might be...warming up too~”You’re not sure what she means at first, but then you notice that one of her hooves is crammed tightly between her thighs. As she continues her frustratingly tantalizing tongue-dragging and heavy, lusty breathing, she slowly grinds against her hoof, eking out a moan every time her hips twitch forward. She shudders every now and then as she hits her own sensitive buttons. You somehow feel guilty and even more turned on at the same time; guilty because you can’t really help the aroused Filly Scout from your current position, but more turned on because she seems to be enjoying herself so well that you’re sure she doesn’t mind. All she seems to care about is teasing your shaft slowly and deliberately, all while she does the same to her slit. But while you can’t help her pleasure herself...you can help her pleasure you, and by extension, give her more incentive to increase her own pleasure. You reach out and gently take hold of the sides of her head; she lets you, not even so much as flinching. Pointedly, you tug her towards you, such that her lips are pressed firmly against the tip of your cock. There’s a brief moment of resistance where you think she’s not open to taking your entire girth in...but it quickly passes as her lips part, and the first inch of your cock disappears fully into her mouth. Holy fuck. It’s everything you’d been thinking of and more. As a filly, she has a huge edge over any mare you’d ever been with: the inside of her mouth is not only tantalizingly moist, but so small and tight that even an artificial toy couldn’t compare. You almost climax right then and there...but a deep breath and a posture change to lean back on the box sends the urge back down, leaving only warm, wet satisfaction in its place.It’s clear that your flared tip is wider than she’s used to, as she grunts a little bit and wiggles her jaw. You can feel her shifting, pushing, making little progress...until she finally finds a sweet spot, or a second wind, or something. In one absolutely heavenly motion, she opens wider and pushes more and more of your meat into her mouth. Her eyes roll back and she moans heavily; even though her voice is as high as ever, her husky groaning drops almost an octave as she savors every bit that she manages to cram down her throat. You soon find yourself joining in with quiet vocalizations of your own as she stops about halfway, before deciding to add her tongue into the equation as she slowly draws back. She’s barely started, and she’s already topping your mental list of the most tantalizing head you’ve ever received. Ginger Snap seems to know it, too. For a brief moment, you lock eyes with her. She pauses, bats her eyes innocently even despite the fact she has your throbbing shaft in her mouth...and then starts back down again, scraping your sensitive skin with just the very, very tips of her teeth. You grip the box again, but even more tightly, and brace against it as you feel heat surge throughout your body, mostly in your groin. She keeps this pattern up for a while, steadily going deeper each time, slowly increasing her pace, moaning deeply and glancing up at you with lidded eyes. You’re almost hypnotized by the way she bobs up and down expertly, stroking every single bit of pleasure and now thoroughly-flowing precum out that she can with her tongue. The filly’s neck visibly bulges further and further down as she manages to cram even more of your cock in every time, and your flare wedges yet deeper inside her unimaginably tight throat. Yet she doesn’t even break stride; she switches to breathing through her nose when necessary like a true expert. Her self-pleasuring hoof is also working up a solid rhythm; it’s still slow and steady, but fast enough that the stimulation she’s receiving affects her much more visibly. Her back is slowly arching as she leans more into both the blowjob and her hoof.“Mmmmmmnnnnn...hhk.”You’re still somewhat hypnotized by her throaty moaning, and the confident rhythm she’s humping with, but are vaguely aware of her finally hilting your entire length as her muzzle gently boops your pelvis. She doesn’t stop there either, even as you tense your muscles to hold back the inevitable orgasm. She picks up on this and quickens her pace, pulling back and forcing her head back down as quickly as she can now. The tip of your cock doesn’t even leave her mouth; she’s adjusted her stance such that pulling herself all the way off unassisted would require falling backwards. Her one life goal at the moment, outlined by the wet slurping moans she makes, and your quickening breath and tightening muscles, is simple: she wants to make you cum. Her mane swings wildly in the air as she approaches a feverish pace, and her sultry vocalizations increase in pitch to match. You join in too, thrusting back when she pulls back, and pushing forward when she dives back in. Every stroke is met with a slap as your balls swing forward into her neck, a ghk as she does her best to keep her breathing steady, and a primal grunt from deep within your chest as you feel the peak approaching. Adding to the cacophonous soundscape is a gentle squishing as she now smushes her hoof into her dripping filly bits as hard as she can. Her hind legs seem like they can’t stand still as she shifts over and over, trying to find the best possible spread to facilitate both her increased neck movement as well as her hip-thrusting. Her moans are more shrill now, more needy, desperate to reach the peak that she probably knows you’re approaching too. Any reservations or doubts you had are all gone now; all that matters is fucking her throat until you explode in it. You’re almost there, just a few more seconds…“Mnh...fuuuuuuck…”The world briefly wavers as you squeeze your eyes shut and finally unleash the orgasm you’d been holding out for. As the first spurt of white-hot seed erupts from your cock, Ginger Snap takes notice and, mercifully, stops so as to not overstimulate you. Instead she holds still, staring you straight in the eyes as she swallows every single drop of every single spurt, while you shudder and squirm as her tight throat still seems to massage you of its own accord. Each squirt is accompanied by a muffled gulp, and yet more stimulation as this makes her muscles contract to milk even more cum out. Your balls contract tightly as you just keep pumping out cum, and your orgasm drags on for what seems like forever. No doubt about it now: this was the best blowjob you’ve ever experienced, as well as a close contender for longest orgasm too. There’s almost no end to it in sight.She seems to peak at this point too. She finally breaks eye contact as her eyes roll back and she squeals in delight, her thrusting and humping topping out at a feverish pace. You can feel her struggling to stay upright as she leans forward, tugging your cock down along with her. Gentle whines of ecstasy burble up from her throat after every trickle of cum you manage to pump out. As her eyes squeeze firmly shut, you can see reflexive tears welling up in their corners. You can’t tell if they’re from how deep she’s chosen to hilt herself while she trembles and rides out her climax, or just from how strong the climax is. You don’t doubt its intensity, though...the way she almost seizes up every second is a testament to its force.But as with all good things, everything does eventually come to an end. Your last spurt of cum makes itself known, and the Filly Scout swallows one last time. She hangs on a brief moment to make sure you’re done, before carefully adjusting herself and leaning back, allowing your cock to slide out of her throat bit by bit...Pop!With an audible pop, your shaft springs free from the filly’s mouth and hangs, half-erect, in front of you. Ginger falls back unceremoniously onto her rump with a gentle oof, her legs too weak to support her any longer, but she appears unfazed...at least, from the fall. As you catch your breath, you notice two things. First, your cock doesn’t seem to have any cum on it, and glimmers only with the saliva coating she left on it: that’s a testament to just how good she is at swallowing. But second, her mane is now a bit of a frazzled mess. She doesn’t seem to care, though; her lips break into a wide, dizzy grin even as she pants, getting used to breathing more normally again. Even though you hadn’t exactly been giving her any special attention, she clearly enjoyed making her own fun. She even confirms this as she finally finds her words before you can find your own.“Heheh...that was fun!” Ginger Snap sighs happily as she struggles back to her hooves, which wobble slightly for a moment as she retests her balance. She almost collapses outright, but you catch her with an outstretched hoof. This seems to give her enough time to shakily try standing again...and this time, she succeeds. All you can do is nod in agreement with her exclamation as you try and reorient back to mundane reality. You had to admit, despite your initial reservations...you’d easily do it again if offered the chance. Mares were one thing, but fillies – or at least this filly and her mouth – were just something else. You struggle to your hooves awkwardly, finally coming to rest on all fours. You almost trudge off then and there, but you remember your manners and turn to the worn out, but still chipper Filly Scout. “Thanks. I...that was great – er, fun – nice...?” The words tumble out awkwardly; thanking a filly for her time spent pleasuring you sexually wasn’t exactly something you did every Tuesday. But Ginger Snap seems cognizant of this, and does a cute little salute. “No, thank you, mister, for your patronage!”With your arousal quenched, and polite thanks exchanged, you turn to leave on a considerably less stable gait than you’d entered the alley with… “Oh...mister?”You turn again, completing a full circle and raising an eyebrow. You’re still sort of impressed at how fast she seems to have recovered, even though her mane is now visibly sticking to her sweaty forehead and her sash is almost falling off her midsection. To your surprise, Ginger Snap turns around too, before tossing her tail aside with a flourish. You’re presented with a perfectly unobstructed view of her glistening pussy, still slick with juices and sweat from just seconds earlier. She wiggles her rear a little, but all you can focus on is her post-pleasuring slit. Her tiny clit is even clearly winking as she slowly backs towards you, before stopping a safe distance away. “I only offer one reward per donation, I’m afraid…” Ginger says, sounding not very apologetic at all as she turns sideways, forcing you to finally look away from her petite pussy and back into her deep-green eyes. Where you once saw innocence, you now see countless layers of naughtiness, deviousness, and cunning. This Filly Scout is...clearly not as innocent as the organization would prefer her to be, but you’re certainly not going to tell them about this.  She doesn’t seem to think you will either, because she winks before continuing, “...but I’ll be here tomorrow, still taking donations, mister...if you wanna show up again and help out some more, I’ll be more than happy to help you out in return~”And just when you think she can’t tempt you any more...she does, smiling as innocently as she had when you first approached her. “In fact...if you wanna bring a friend to donate too, I can reward you both, if you want...but either way, you’ll get the best reward all to yourself~”She drives the point all the way home by shifting her rump back towards facing you, and reaching a hoof back to gently spread her seemingly still-hungry slit. It’s a hard bargain, but as you look at her glistening folds, so small, yet so inviting, just begging to be parted by something big and hard…like your...Your train of thought wanders aimlessly for a few seconds before you remember where you are. You have trouble tearing your eyes away, but ultimately manage it with some extra effort, and you say your polite thank-yous and goodbyes to Ginger Snap once more. Mercifully, she finally lets you stumble back out into the marketplace and disappear back into the crowd. A couple ponies give you a look or two, but that’s probably because of how unclean you now smell after all the exertion and arousal the Filly Scout had just put you through. You don’t bother worrying about it; a quick walk home and a shower will fix that in short order.That said, even though you didn’t have plans to return to the market again the next day...you’re pretty sure you’ll find some spare room in your budget and spare time to visit and donate again tomorrow. Then, with any luck, she’ll let you donate where it’ll feel best... ...in her tight little pussy.“Have you seen my earrings?”“You put them on the vanity, dear.”In a flash of light, a pink blur shoots past the stallion. While total chaos happens behind him, he looks calmly into his mirror, fixing his bowtie until it’s completely perpendicular to his neck.“Oh, no! Where’s my necklace?”“On the dresser, dear.” Again, another pink blur soars behind him, but the white stallion never once takes his eyes off of the image in the mirror. “How does this look? Do you think it looks straight?”Finally, he looks in your direction, showing you a less-than-confident smile while you try to ignore the flashing colors at his back.“Uhh, yeah!” you say with similar confidence--or lack thereof. “If 180 degrees had a picture in the dictionary, it would definitely be that bowtie!”Shining Armor tries to smile past the obvious cringe on his face, but before he can react, the roseate blur finally takes the shape of an alicorn mare, tilting her crown as she takes her husband’s place in front of the mirror. “Thank you again for coming so last minute, Anon!” she says, imitating the exact scene her husband was doing just a moment ago. “You probably had plans tonight, but we just barely got message about the new yak coronation, and you know how unreasonable their standards can be sometimes, plus you’re Flurry Heart’s favorite foal-sitter, and--”“Don’t worry!” you say, holding up your hands before Cadence can talk herself into an even bigger panic attack. “I promise I didn’t have anything going on tonight. You just worry about getting to Yakyakistan before they start without you!”As Cadence finishes the final touches on her crown, however, Shining Armor breathes a sigh of relief before placing his hoof on your shoulder. “Thanks, man. I know I can always count on you in a pinch, especially since Flurry asked for you specifically.”You rub the back of your head and blush. “I didn’t realize I was that good at foal-sitting.”“I guess she’s just more comfortable with you than one of the royal servants.” The stallion chuckles, looking off into the distance. “It seems like just yesterday when we first introduced you to her. Remember how she used to call you Uncle Nonny?”“You know, I was just thinking about that.” Shining Armor lifts a curious eyebrow. “Do you really think she needs a foal-sitter? I mean, she’s already ten years old, after all.”The white stallion blinks like you’re telling a joke, then leans in closer with a look of concern. “Anon, I appreciate that you think Flurry Heart is responsible enough to take care of herself while we’re gone, but we’re not exactly going to a play where we can come back after a couple hours. We’re going all the way to Yakyakistan. We’ll be gone for three days bare minimum. Can you imagine what would happen if Flurry got hurt while we were away?”Suddenly, Cadence’s ears perk up. “What? Who’s hurt? Do we still have the number for that surgeon in Canterlot?”With a soft chuckle, Shining Armor places a gentle hoof onto his wife’s back. “Don’t worry, honey. Everything will be fine. Anon has everything covered, don’t you, buddy?”“Of course!” you say, giving the couple a thumbs up, and in all actuality, you’re not the least bit concerned. You must have foalsat for Flurry Heart a good twenty times by now, and the only thing that makes tonight different than any other night is the fact that you’ll be staying over for the night…. sleeping in their bed… not weird, right?With a deep sigh, the princess of love places a hoof onto her chest, giving you a smile to contrast her previous panic attack. “Thank you, Anon. I don’t know what we’d do without somepony--er, creature--as dependable as you are.”You’ll probably never get used to ponies calling you that.“Hey, you guys have a train to catch, don’t you?” As soon as the words come out of your mouth, though, the two ponies in front of you tilt their heads in confusion. “Uh… You do take a train to Yakyakistan, don’t you? You know what? I’m just going to stop pretending like I know Equestrian geography. Where’s Flurry, by the way?”“Oh, she’s just taking a bath right now,” Cadence answers. “She said she wanted to get freshened up before you got here.”Now you’re the one tilting your head to the side. “Is that normal? Like does she do that for all of her foalsitters?”Before they can answer your question, however, a nearby clock begins to ding throughout the crystal castle, filling the corridors with a loud echo. Just as soon as Shining Armor and Cadence had stopped panicking, the anxiety from before returns with just as much severity as earlier, leaving the two of them jittering nervously again.“Shoot! We’re going to be late!” Cadence exclaims. “Make sure Flurry Heart eats her carrots and brushes her teeth before bed. We’ll see you in a few days! The first aid kit is in the pantry if you need it!”Shining then grabs Cadence around the waist, gently leading her towards the front doors before she can find something else to worry about, and with a silent wave to send them off, you find yourself alone in the crystal castle. The door shuts with a loud clang that could only be made possible by double doors made specifically for royalty. You still can’t believe that out of all the ponies that exist in this world, you happened to become best friends with probably the most famous couple in all of Equestria!That enthusiasm quickly fades away, however, as soon as you realize that you need some snacks.“Gonna get me some creampuffs, some soft, sugary crea-hee-heempuffs,” you sing giddily as you dance your way over to the kitchen pantry. The compensation is nice for how little work you have to do, but probably the best part of your job is the open access to all of their delicious treats. At least, they’ve never said you couldn’t eat all their food. “Let’s see… Cereal, rice, peanutbutter--Huh. Yep, there’s the first aid kit. They definitely put it in a place I would remember, but where are those--”“Heyyyy, Nonny~!”You suddenly turn your head to see a light pink foal with a multicolored mane standing behind you, fluttering her eyelashes. Half of your mind is wondering if she’s actually wearing makeup, but the other half of you is still stuck on where you’ll be able to find those snacks in their enormous kitchen.“Hey, Flurry! Done with your bath already?”“Maaaayyyybeeee.” She then approaches even nearer, leaning her face towards yours at an almost intimate closeness. “You know, the water’s still warm if you wanted to take one yourself.”“Hmm? No, I’m good. I took a shower last Tuesday. Say, do you know where your parents put all the junk food around here?”The alicorn’s cheek immediately puffs out as her eyebrows furrow in agitation. “I’m right in front of you and all you can think about is food?!”Your giddy grin begins to disappear just as quickly as it came. You completely forgot that even though she’s not exactly a misbehaved foal, she’s still a princess, with all the bells and whistles that come from a high-maintenance filly with a need for constant attention. With a sigh, you ignore your sugar cravings just long enough to squat down to her eye level, giving her the biggest smile in your arsenal.“Sorry. You’re right. It’s been a while since I’ve seen my favorite filly, hasn’t it?”Finally, her apprehensive scowl begins to soften, once again turning into that girly smirk that she loves to show off. “Too long! How come you never come over anymore? You haven’t found a girlfriend yet, haaaave yoooouuu?”Flurry Heart leans forward to put a hoof on your chest, coming in just close enough for you to smell the lavender-scented body wash from her recent bath. With your cheeks turning a soft shade of red, however, you casually back away, rubbing the back of your head.“Uh, n-no, I haven’t quite met the right pony yet.”The filly snickers. “So you’re available, then.”‘Alone’ was more like what you had in mind, but you like Flurry Heart’s idea better.“Listen,” you say, “I think I might have an idea that could make us both happy.”“You marrying me?”“...Or you could tell me where your parents stash the creampuffs and I won’t mention how I let you eat sweets before dinner.” The alicorn’s smile fades again, this time giving you a blank, annoyed expression that you should have seen coming. “Plus, we can eat them together and have one of those… conversation thingies you like to do.”Suddenly, her demeanor does a complete 180 to the point where you can practically see sparkles in her eyes. “You mean my open-heart confession sessions?! Yes! Oh, and my mom put the creampuffs on the top shelf where only somepony who can use magic will be able to reach them. She hid them up there so you wouldn’t keep eating all our food.”You blink in surprise, ready to curse out that stupid horse lady right in front of her daughter until you see a box of creampuffs being lowered by a golden glow. This filly always finds a way to warm your heart, probably just because she knows that it’s the only way you’ll actually talk to her, which is sort of weird in your mind. When you were a kid, you wanted the babysitter to leave you alone so you could play videogames while your parents were away, but Flurry Heart can’t seem to get enough of you.“Come on!” she shouts, grabbing onto the hand that isn’t holding onto a box of sweets. “Let’s go to my room! You can see all the redecorating I’ve done!”“Oh, did you reorganize your doll collection?”You’re totally serious, but Flurry Heart gives you a look of disdain. “Quit being a butt and let’s goooo!”Honestly, even after spending as much time with her as you do, you still haven’t quite mastered the art of saying the right things to her yet. You somehow always manage to say things that offend her in some way, but for some weird reason, she never holds it against you. Even growing up with a castle and servants, she never acts the least bit spoiled or bratty. She just wants you, flaws and all, and even though you don’t see why, she always seems so happy just being near you.You half-follow her/half-get tugged away as she leads you up to her bedroom. Just so long as she’s happy and safe, this job will be a breeze…...or so you thought.“Nope. I’m leaving.”“Waaaaiiittt!”As soon as you turn back towards the hallway, Flurry Heart grabs onto your hand, flapping her wings as hard as she can to keep you from leaving. You can just barely outpower her, but you also know that she could easily just put you in a magical forcefield if you struggle too hard. Finally, you stop where you stand, let out a long sigh and pinch the bridge of your nose.“Honestly, what did you expect me to say when I saw this?”“That you love me?”Not exactly the phrase you’d normally say to a filly when you walk into her room and see rose petals scattered everywhere. She even has candles lit up in various places, making you wonder who would ever think it was a good idea to let her use matches.“How did you even get this all set up?” you ask.“Oh, I just had one of the royal servants take care of this for me. She supports our love.” You give her a dull stare, but she either ignores it or is too dense to notice. “So what do you think? Pretty romantic, huh?”“...I’m telling your dad.”“NO!” Flurry Heart then falls onto her stomach, reaching up to grab your hands as she pleads dramatically. “I’ll do whatever you want! Just please don’t tell him!”You lift an eyebrow in suspicion. You know that she’s serious about not wanting you to tell her dad about this, but you also know that the longest she’d be able to keep herself from bringing it up again would be around eleven seconds. You breathe heavily, wiggling one hand out of Flurry Heart’s grip to run your hand through your hair.“Fine. Let’s just have one of those talky obsessions sessions you mentioned earlier.”“Yes!” Flurry heart quickly blows out all the candles and turns on the lights to her bedroom, using her magic to pull out chairs, a table, and a tea set on top. “You can sit here, Anon. Since my parents are gonna be gone for a while, that means the two of us can have a looooooong discussion this time.”“Oh. Cool.” You take your place at the table across from her, but you’re more focused on eating as many creampuffs as you can than having an actual, enjoyable conversation. Maybe if you bore her enough, she’ll leave you alone and start watching cartoons or something. “So--munchmunchmunch--what jij you wanga kalk about?”Flurry Heart’s pupils turn into hearts for some unknown reason as she rests her chin in her hooves, which gradually fall weakly on the table. “Oh, Anon. I thought you’d never ask! I wanted to talk to you about how you met my daddy.”You gulp a hard creampuff down your throat before lifting an eyebrow. “Seriously? Have I never told you that story?”“You probably have. Sometimes I stop paying attention and just stare into your eyes.”“...Yeah, you’re gonna have to stop that. Anyway, we actually met through Sunburst.”Flurry Heart tilts her head as she pours herself a glass of tea. “My magic teacher?”“Yeah. When I first came to Equestria, Princess Celestia sent me over to the Crystal Empire so that Sunburst could see if humans had any possible magical capabilities in this world.” You take another bite into your creampuff, washing it down with chamomile as Flurry listens with interest. “Turns out we don’t, but that’s how I met your dad. Since Sunburst is your magic teacher, I ran into your dad a lot while Sunburst was running analysis projects. Then we just kinda hit it off, and you know basically everything that happened after that.”“How did you end up in Equestria, anyway?”“One of Twilight’s spells went wrong.”“Ah. Always a good trope.”You’re about to take out another creampuff and begin digging in, but you notice that Flurry Heart is just sitting there with a smile on her face, eagerly awaiting for you to talk more about yourself. Finally, you put the snack back into its box and place the box on the table, leaning in with a smile of your own.“How about you, Flurry? I feel like we talk about me all the time, but I don’t really know what’s going on in your life.”The alicorn practically spits out her tea, her pupils turning into stars as she smiles from ear to ear, immediately making you regret your decision. As quickly as her face turns to pure excitement, though, her grin fades as she places a hoof to her chin, looking off into the distance.“You know, now that you bring it up, I don’t really know what to talk about. You know my parents, you know I’m a princess, you’ve seen my house…”“How about your friends?”The filly suddenly cringes, not like you said something weird, but more like you brought up something she doesn’t want to talk about. Then, to make things worse, she looks down at her table, her ears folding down as her smile droops further. “I… I don’t really have any friends. I have ponies my age at school that I talk to, but it’s different when you’re a princess.”You lean back in your seat, raising an eyebrow. “What do you mean?”“I mean none of us are really friends. Can you imagine how awkward it would be for our parents if I got into a fight with a friend at school? These aren’t dentists and librarians we’re talking about. Our parents are all nobles, politicians and diplomats. We’re just supposed to behave in the meantime so that they can all do their jobs without having to worry about their foals screwing up public relations.”“Public relations? How do you even know those words?”“It’s just the common vernacular we use at Crystal Prep. Why? Are you impressed?! Please say yes!”To be honest, you are, but you can’t let her know that. Just the idea of how she would act if she found out that she could impress you would lead to a slippery slope you don’t feel like going down right now. Still, though, when you were her age, the only thing you learned at school was how to breathe with two pencils shoved up your nose.“Sounds rough.”“Yeah… but that’s OK! You don’t have any friends either, right, Anon?”You furrow your eyebrows while your mouth hangs in offense. “I’m literally only here because I’m friends with your dad.”“No, you’re here because we’re soul mates, but I guess my daddy still counts as at least one friend.”“...Can we get off this topic? Like can we play a game, or something?”Flurry Heart’s ears immediately perk up. “OK! Let’s play truth or dare!”“.................How ‘bout no?”“Yeah, I didn’t really have much hope for that one. Can we play with my dollhouse instead? It’s always more fun when there are two of us playing.”As much as you feel your masculinity leaving you just from the idea of playing with dolls, you’d happily do anything to get out of another one of her awkward confession sessions. Of course, there’s still more than likely the chance that this will turn into a reimagination of your wedding day with Flurry Heart, but at least it will take her mind off of how many friends you have.After you nod your head, Flurry Heart squeals happily, surrounding her environment in a bright gold aura that eventually swaps places with her tea table and playhouse. It’s something that only the most affluent ponies would be able to afford, taking up half of her carpet and towering up to basically half your standing height. Then, getting down onto your knees, Flurry Heart levitates a stallion doll into your hand, beaming wide as she sets up the scene. Finally, it hits you. This girl probably doesn’t get the chance to play with anypony but her servants. This is probably one of the few highlights she has to look forward to: getting to play just like a regular kid her age. You still hate that you have to spend your night playing with dolls, but seeing that smile on Flurry Heart’s face makes you completely forget about everything except for her. Then, before you know it, you’re smiling along with her, having just as much fun as she is pretending out an imaginary scene where the two of you can be whoever you want to be.“Unf… Urk… Ugh.”You twist and turn on the bed beneath you, unable to find a comfortable position that horses somehow use to fall asleep. Back at your place, you were given an exact replica of your bed from your home world, but this is the first time you’ve ever tried sleeping in a bed made for a pony. It’s weird how similar the two are, yet for some weird reason, it just feels off somehow. Maybe you’re just overthinking it, though, and there really is no difference from what you have back at home.“Nguhh.”You turn over again, but nothing is different. The only thing you’re accomplishing is making funny grunt noises, which you’re glad nopony is around to hear… right?*Creeeeak!*“Anon, you’re too loud.”You then weakly lift your head up to see Flurry Heart in yellow pajamas standing in the doorway, rubbing her eyes with her hoof while levitating a teddy bear. Either she was sleeping outside your bedroom just now, or you’re pretty sure you’ve woken up half of the royal servants without realizing it.“Sorry, Flurry. You should go back to bed. I’ll try to just pick a position and stay there.”“No way! You obviously need some help falling asleep, and your auntie Flurry Heart is here to assist you!”Before you can even vocalize your disapproval, though, she leaps into the air and lands onto your bed, flopping down with a grunt. Again, you open your mouth to tell her to go back to bed, but she’s already managed to lift up the blankets and snuggle herself into the sheets beside you, nuzzling her face into your shoulder. She’s so soft, like a giant stuffed animal made to help grownups fall asleep. Before you can let her trick you into letting her stay, though, you sit up and pull the covers off of her, watching her shiver theatrically.“Come on. Get up.”“Zzzzzzz…”“You know, saying the letter z over and over again doesn’t--”“ZZZZZZZZ!!!!”You palm your face, groaning defeatedly before turning back towards the filly pretending to sleep. “Come on, Flurry! What would your parents say if they found out you were trying to sleep in the same bed as me?”“Oh!” she blurts out as if she wasn’t sound asleep two seconds ago. “I asked my mom if I could sleep in the same room as you if I had a bad dream. She said it was fine so long as you didn’t mind.”“But you didn’t have a bad dream!”As soon as the words come out of your mouth, though, a small tear falls down her face, and as much as you want to believe she’s just faking it, you can never be sure with this girl. “Are you saying…” she sobs, sniffling as she wipes away her tears, “...that you really do mind?”Yes. Or… at least that’s what you thought you were going to say. As surprised as you are that Cadence gave you a green light to kick Flurry Heart out of your bed, you’re even more shocked knowing that she gave her permission to sleep in the same room as you in the first place. It’s not like a princess could just sleep on the floor, and Cadence knows that you’d never give up your bed. Then by that logic… she knew that Flurry would want to sleep in the same bed as you?You shake your head in a vain attempt to clear your mind. You’ve got to be reading into things too much. Still, though, while you’re debating semantics in your head, Flurry Heart is busy weeping beside you, and even if she is faking it, you can’t help but feel bad for the girl. Finally, placing your hand on the filly’s head, rubbing your fingers through her mane, you silence her tears, smiling down at her with a grin that hides how bitter you are on the inside.“I guess… that would be fine.”Flurry Heart sniffles again, trying to smile but obviously hesitant about the possibility of having her dreams crushed. “You mean it, Anon? I can really sleep with you?”“Platonically speaking, yes.”“Yaaaaaay!” She doesn’t waste a second, capturing the blanket with her magic and pulling it over both of your bodies, placing a hoof over your chest as she coos happily. “I’m so glad I have you as my foalsitter.”That sentence, however, brings up a question you’ve had in your mind for a while. “Hey, Flurry…”“Yes, husband?”“I’ve been wondering… What is it exactly that you like about me?”Finally, Flurry unburies her face from your shoulder to look into your eyes with a curious expression. “What do you mean?”“I mean…” You look up at the ceiling, feeling her hoof hold you closer as you try to find some way to phrase your next statement without killing the mood. Wait… Why do you care about ruining the mood again? “You seem to really like me, but I don’t get why. I’m just some random guy that your dad just happened to run into while he was taking you to your magic lessons. I’m not rich or royal or even the same species as you. What could you possibly see in someone like me?”You wait silently for her response, but she doesn’t move a muscle and doesn’t make a sound. She just continues to stare at you with a quizzical look. You feel like you’re in a comedy routine where there’s something on your face that nopony will tell you about, and you spend all day seeing ponies stare at you with no idea why they’re so obsessed with you. No, that’s never happened before. Shut up.Suddenly, though, she starts to burst into laughter, wrapping her hooves around your arm while she starts crying for a completely different reason. Yup. Turns out you were part of some comedy routine.“Sorry, Anon,” she says, getting out one last chuckle. “It’s just funny that you would ask that.”Now you’re the one with the quizzical look. “How is that funny?”“Because you’re perfect!” You open your mouth to speak, but she quickly places her hoof on top of your lips. “No. Don’t try telling me you’re not, because I won’t believe it. You’re not like anypony else in the entire world. You care about me for me, not because I’m the daughter of a princess. You listen to me, even when you know I’ll never stop talking. You play with me even though I know you don’t want to sometimes. Plus, even when you’re mad at me, even though I know I annoy you, you never make me feel like you don’t want me around. How could I not like you?!”The moment her hoof falls from your lips, you open them again, but this time, you can’t think of anything to say. You want to retaliate with something, anything, but there’s no response that you can think of that’s worth saying. Instead, you feel your heart beating more rapidly, your hands shaking, your breathing pick up, and for some reason, you can’t look away from her big, cyan eyes. Have you always felt like you could fall into them like this? Have you always felt like you could blue skadoo into the sea of her irises, just to end up wrapped up in her warm embrace? Just thinking about it makes your cheeks sizzle. Wait, why are you blushing? Wait, what’s going on?!You quickly turn onto your side, squeezing your eyes closed just to keep yourself away from the temptation of looking back at her again. You’ve always thought she was cute, but just now… that was on an entirely different level. You can’t let her get away with something like that! If she finds some kind of weakness, a chink in your loli armor, then she’ll be able to get anything she wants out of you. Just the idea of her finding a way to get you to spend another afternoon doing one of her stupid open-heart confession sessions makes your whole body shiver instinctively.“Aww, are you cold, Nonny?” Right when you thought things couldn’t get more awkward, though, she pulls you in as tight as she can, resting her chin on your shoulder so close that you can feel her breath against your neck. “Don’t worry. I’ll keep you warm.”“...You were waiting outside my room this whole time, weren’t you?”“I’m not going to answer that, and you can’t prove it either way.”You could probably find some way to get the answer out of her, and it probably wouldn’t be a hard thing to do, either. At the same time, though, you’re happy just using your imagination for now. In fact, you can finally feel your body getting lighter, suddenly much more comfortable now than you were just a minute ago. You’re afraid to think of why you feel so different now, but before you have the chance to question it any further, you feel your eyelids close gently as your mind slowly begins to wander into the dream world…“Thanks for waiting, Nonny~!”“Nonny?”As soon as Flurry Heart leaves Sunburst’s weirdly wizard-themed house, she jumps into the air and flies into your arms, wrapping her hooves around your neck while Sunburst lifts an eyebrow. “Oh, that’s just what Flurry has called me since she was little,” you explain, rubbing her mane with a fake smile as you subtly try to push her off of you. “I guess it just kinda stuck, you know? Anyway, I didn’t realize you still lived in the Crystal Empire after you got offered that job at Starlight’s Friendship school.”“Oh, I’m only there during the days when Starlight is on official business. Otherwise I’m still here. Just because I’m not Flurry Heart’s crystaller anymore doesn’t mean she’s out of my life forever, you know?”“Trust me. I get it.” By this point, Flurry Heart is hanging around your waist, holding onto you like her life depends on it. “Thanks for helping her out with her magic lesson, by the way.”“No problem! Oh, and the two of you should probably get home quick. It looks like there’s about to be a thunderstorm!”You quickly look up at the sky, seeing a beautiful, sunny day just like when you arrived at Sunburst’s house. “Thunderstorm? What are you talking--”“MOVE IT, LADIES! PUT YOUR BACKS INTO IT!”Of course, one key detail that you forgot about this world is that the weather is actually controlled by its inhabitants rather than by science. It probably has been a while since the last time you’ve seen rain in the Crystal Empire, but that doesn’t mean you’re any less bitter about the weather team choosing this exact moment in time to bring out the storm clouds. You shoot a quick glare towards the team leader, although she’s more fixated on actually doing her job, something that you should also be doing.“Come on, Flurry,” you say, finally managing to slip your legs out of her grip, albeit while still holding onto her hoof. “See ya, Sunburst!”The orange unicorn barely starts waving goodbye the moment you feel the first droplet of rain land on your nose. By the time his door closes, however, your shoulders are practically dripping from the sudden downpour.Finally, you lead Flurry Heart back home, fast-walking while holding your hand over your head, helplessly attempting to block as much rain as possible from hitting your face. Even though you’re tempted to run, the last thing you want is to get sweaty when it’s 100% humidity outside. Looking back at Flurry, though, you see her holding her wings above her head, leading you to unconsciously pick up your pace.“Let’s hurry before we get totally drenched out here,” you say, pulling the filly harder.“You really didn’t have to wait for me,” she responds. “I would have been fine going by myself. I’ve done it plenty of times before!”“Yeah, maybe when your parents are home, but when you’re under my supervision, you’re not leaving my sight!”The filly cackles, making you roll your eyes as to how she could possibly misinterpret what you said. “You must really care about me, then.”“What I meant was if something happened to you while you were under my supervision, your parents wouldn’t just be traumatized. I would be the one responsible. It would be my fault!”Flurry Heart then slips her wet hoof out of your grip, now suddenly walking even faster than you are. “Then I’ll get better at magic! I’ll be a better flier! I’ll make sure that nothing will ever happen to me, just so you’ll never have to worry!”You stop in surprise, but as Flurry Heart’s pace continues without you, you find yourself running to catch up with her. “I would still worry, Flurry. Even if you were the best flying magician that Equestria has ever seen, I’d still want to be with you, just to make sure I was at least there for you.”“I don’t get it, Anon! You’re so impossible to figure out!”The rain is beginning to pour down harder, making it even more difficult to hear, not including the occasional bursts of thunder. Still, though, you manage to catch up to her just in time to hear what she says.“What do you mean?”“Like you say that you want to be here for me, like you’re trying to protect me, even though you know I’ll be fine! Are you saying that just because you don’t want to get in trouble, or do you honestly want to keep me safe?”You look down at her to see if her face can give you any clues to how she’s thinking, but she keeps her stoic face forward, fast-walking through the rain like you aren’t even there. How do you answer her now? Of course you want her to be safe, but that’s just because you don’t want to incur the wrath of her parents, right? Or… at least that’s what you thought. The rain dripping uncomfortably down your neck isn’t exactly making it easy to concentrate right now, especially when you’re trying to keep up your pace with Flurry Heart’s unreasonable speed.What are you really thinking? If you were to blurt out the first thoughts that came to your mind, just whatever your heart told you to say, what would you tell her?“Why can’t it be both?” you finally get out. “Why is it that I can’t care about you and be afraid of getting in trouble?”“Fine! Whatever! If that’s really how you feel, then let’s just move on.”Why is she getting so angry at you all of a sudden? It’s not like she didn’t know how you’ve felt about her from the very beginning. She’s your best friend’s daughter. Just imagining anything more than that makes you scared… yet for some reason, now you can’t stop thinking about it.This whole time, have you really been holding back your emotions because you were scared of the possible consequences? If she really was the best in the world at being both a pegasus and a unicorn, would you still be worried about her? After all, there would be no chance of anything ever happening to her… but at the same time… you’d still want to be there to make sure. You don’t want anything to ever happen to her, and just the thought of her ever getting hurt scares the crap out of you, even if you know she’d be safe. You’d still want to be there to protect her, even if you knew you wouldn’t do any better than she would, but why?The rain pours down harder, now coming down on the both of you like the air itself is made of raindrops. You’d have to yell just for her to hear anything you say, but you have no idea what you could even transition the next topic to. You wait for Flurry to say something to help get your mind somewhere else, but she just keeps walking, never looking back or speaking.Then your mind comes back to her dad. If he wasn’t such a prominent part of your relationship with her, how would you look at her? Would she still be the annoying little girl that you keep telling yourself she is, or would you be able to look past that and see her playful sense of humor, her dazzling laugh, her optimistic enthusiasm, her selfless compassion, her baby blue eyes?Finally, you stop thinking, stopping dead in your tracks with your fists clenched. “Alright! Fine!” you project loud enough for the filly to hear you. “I care about you, OK?! Are you happy now?”Suddenly, Flurry Heart stops as well and slowly turns around, her jaw slightly open and her eyebrows raised. “You mean it? You’re not just saying that to make me feel better?”“Yes! I mean it! This isn’t just about your parents. You’re important to me, Flurry Heart, and I want to make sure there’s always someone looking out for you. I’m probably gonna regret saying this, but… I promise I’ll always be here for you! No matter what happens, I’ll always be there whenever you need me!”“You mean… forever?”“Yes! Forever and ever!” You put your hand to your forehead and groan, feeling a little embarrassed for the sudden confession that you hope you won’t feel sorry for later. “Now can we please go home and forget this conversation ever happened?”“Wait a second!” Flurry then puts her hoof to her chin, dropping eye contact while you put your hands to your hips, leaning backwards and moaning at an annoyed volume only you can hear. You already regret having this conversation when she finally looks back at you with mournful eyes. “Anon… I’m sorry!”You lift one eyebrow, shaking your head in confusion with your mouth agape. “Huh? Sorry for what?”“It’s just… My heart’s beating really fast right now, and I don’t think I’ll ever get this chance again.”“Flurry Heart, what are you talking ab--”Before you can finish your sentence, though, Flurry Heart races towards you, flutters herself up to your level and places her hooves against both sides of your cheeks, planting a soft, passionate kiss against your lips. Her eyes squeeze together, holding you as close to her body as she can, but you, on the other hand, are completely frozen, your eyes wide in the shock of what’s happening. Her lips come apart to realign themselves on top of yours again, but you’re too busy trying to understand what’s happening to know how you’re supposed to react. Do you kiss her back? Do you push her off of you? All these questions, though, are too much of a shock for your brain to handle right now, and with your eyes gently closing, you allow the soft, awkward feeling of her first kiss pressed against you while the pouring rain fills the background.“You’re back! Ohhhhh and you’re soaked, too! Both of you wait right there. I’ll go get a bath ready for you.”As soon as the two of you walk through the castle doors, a royal servant is there waiting for the two of you, at least until she sees how drenched you both are and runs up the castle’s giant staircase. None of that seems to register, though. In fact, as soon as you make it through the front doors, your mind doesn’t even register that you’ve made it out of the rain yet. You’re still shaking, cold, and lifeless.It’s not just you, either! Even though you barely look to your side to see if you can read her thoughts, you see the same face that you’re making and figure that she’s probably thinking about the same thing you are. You want to forget about it, to move past it, to get your mind off of it at least, but the moment keeps replaying over and over again in your mind. The feeling of her soft lips against yours, the way her hooves wrapped tightly around you, the memory of your lungs trying to keep up with how fast your heart was pumping.‘I kissed her!’ you think to yourself. ‘This wasn’t like the playful, cutesy crap that she’d normally do. We had a full-blown kiss like an actual couple would have! What if her dad finds out? What if ANYPONY finds out? I’m so screwed. I’m so, so screwed!’Once again, you look down at Flurry Heart to see her reaction, but once her eyes make contact with yours, she jumps and goes stiff like a board, looking straight forward even though there’s nothing to see. You have to talk about this. What do you say, though? Maybe you should talk about something else. Would that even help?“So…” You flinch comedically upon hearing her speak, your body practically hovering in the air for a good three seconds. Once you look down at her, though, you see her swallow hard, still facing forward. “Y-you can take your bath before me. I can wait.”“No! I couldn’t! I--” Suddenly, you squint your eyes. “Wait, are you telling me that in this entire castle, you only have one bath?”“Yeah,” she says, finally making eye contact, albeit with her head cocked to the side. “That’s pretty much everywhere in Equestria. Is it different where you’re from?”“Yeah, unless you live in some backwater place like New Hampshire, most houses where I’m from have at least--”Crap! You’re talking normally to her! This isn’t supposed to be a normal conversation! You’re supposed to be freaking out right now!You stop your sentence mid-way through, and even though you’re still stuck on how conflicted and scared you are about that kiss earlier, Flurry’s confused gaze makes her look like she’s moved past it already. How could she, though? It makes sense since at most she’d get a scolding from her dad, maybe get grounded for a couple days, but your life in Equestria would be over forever if anypony finds out about you!‘It was just a stupid little girl with a silly crush,’ you think again. ‘It meant nothing. She was just acting out on a fantasy she read from a romance novel… But then… Why did I kiss her back?’“Your bath is ready!”You quickly flinch from the sound breaking you away from your thoughts, and looking down at Flurry Heart, she flinches too, all of the awkwardness from before coming back all at once. Why is this so weird? She’s taken hundreds of baths while you’ve been over before. She was in a bath when you came over yesterday! It’s not like the two of you are going to get in togeth--“You go first,” she says adamantly. “Seriously. I don’t mind.”“I can’t just let you catch a cold! I’m supposed to be taking care of you!”“You’re shivering, though. Besides, it’s my fault you got all wet in the first place.”“Come on. You said so yourself that I didn’t need to--”“Erm, excuse me?” Suddenly, both you and Flurry look back towards the giant staircase to see the royal servant with an uncomfortable expression as she stares down at the two of you. “I don’t mean to be a bother, but the water will get cold if the two of you don’t get in there soon. Besides, aren’t you both freezing already?”You shoot a quick glance at Flurry Heart, and her eyes are just as wide as yours. “H-hang on a second!” you say clumsily. “Are you saying that the bath is for both of us? At the same t-t-time?”The servant tilts her head to the side. “Yes. Otherwise you’ll both get sick, and the Prince would never let me hear the end of it if I let that happen.”Wouldn’t the Prince be just as horrified to find out that his daughter took a bath with her foal-sitter?!“I would join the both of you to help wash the difficult to reach places,” the servant continues, “but I’m afraid that I also have to cook dinner for the evening. You’ll just have to help each other with that one. Now, come along. Chop chop.”Without even second-guessing her decision, the servant makes her way down the bottom of the steps and leads the two of you up to the royal washroom. You glance over at Flurry Heart to communicate how awkward this whole situation is, but she doesn’t even bother looking in your direction, her cheeks burning a vivid red. You wonder if you look the same right about now, especially since before the both of you know it, you’re both surrounded by porcelain and marble tiles. If you weren’t sweating already, the steam emanating from the bathwater is doing a good job of helping out.The two of you look towards each other, then look away with rosy cheeks. There’s no reason for you to be this nervous, right? If the royal servant says this is OK, then it must be fine. Besides, you’re two completely different species. You have nothing to worry about.“I… guess we should get in, then,” Flurry says, avoiding eye contact as she makes her way towards the bathwater. You instinctively gulp. Despite how much you’ve been trying to calm yourself down, you’re still shaking a little as you try nodding in agreement.“Yeah, j-just give me a second.”As you reach your hand behind your neck to tug at your shirt, you briefly see Flurry Heart looking back at you before the fabric covers your field of vision. Then, once you feel your shirt skid off of your shoulders with the steam beginning to hit your bare chest, you pull the rest off completely to see that Flurry’s glance has turned into a focused stare. You can see her breathing more deeply, her eyes fixated on the curves of your chest and abdomen, but once your hands begin undoing the zipper of your pants, her eyes dart open as she turns around again, making her way into the bathtub.Great. Now you feel more nervous than ever. At the same time, though, what exactly can you do? The servant was right when she said you could end up catching a cold if you don’t get into the bath quick, and with your hands finally pulling your jeans down your ankles, you step out of your pants, immediately shielding your manhood despite Flurry Heart looking the other way. With the hardest part now out of the way, you slowly make your way into the bathtub, dipping your big toe into the bathtub before reflexively yanking it out of the near-boiling water. You can see Flurry starting to turn her head in curiosity before snapping it back to the wall in front of her. All you need to do is get your lower body into the water before the two of you can go back to normal. Then, thanks to all the steam surrounding you, she won’t be able to see your dick, and the two of you can go back to where you were before… which was still pretty awkward now that you think about it.You can already imagine Cadence bursting into the room and shouting, “Hi, Anon! We’re home early! Why is your dick out in front of my daughter?” With that scary image racing through your mind, though, you finally bite the bullet and immerse yourself into the hot water, flinching from the initial heat exposure, but quickly allowing your body to acclimate to the temperature.“Can I turn around now?”“Hmm?” you mumble. “Oh, yeah! Go ahead.”Flurry Heart then begins to turn her shoulders slowly, but once she sees your bare chest again, her eyes instinctively move downward. Then, once she realizes that she’s looking right at the hazy outline of your cock, she darts her face towards the ceiling, swallowing again while her cheeks sizzle louder than the bathwater. Right as soon as you thought things could go back to normal.“Listen,” she says quietly, still looking up at the ceiling, “I’m really sorry about what happened out there. I guess I’ve just always wanted to do that, and since that was probably the only chance I’d ever get…”“It’s cool,” you reply, swinging your hands behind your head like a pillow. “I mean, it’s probably not something you’ll wanna tell your parents, but it’s not like I didn’t enjoy it at all.”Suddenly, her eyes look directly into yours, this time unwavering despite your bare chest in plain view. “Really?! You liked it?!”You flinch. “It was… er… nice? Dang it, I really don’t know how to answer that one.”“Well… maybe… you didn’t really have enough time to process it the first time. It did come out of nowhere, after all.” You nod your head in agreement, but as soon as you interpret her words more thoroughly, your entire body jerks in surprise. Then, with her eyes trailing off again, she quietly mumbles, “So… would it be OK if we did it again?”‘Hi, Anon! We’re home early! Why is my daughter’s tongue in your throat?’The answer is no! It shouldn’t be hard to tell her no! There really isn’t any doubt in your mind which answer is the logical choice. Just tell her that it wouldn’t be a good idea! You wouldn’t even need to lie to her! Literally, all you have to do is explain that this isn’t something that a foalsitter should be doing with a ten year old girl!But for some reason, you can’t. Even though you know which choice is better, you can’t deny the feeling you had in your chest when her mouth first made contact with yours. You can practically still feel the way her lips traced against yours, her mane grazing against your neck as the raindrops slid from her nose to your chin. As much as you want to deny it, you miss the feeling of her hooves wrapped around you, pulling the two of you together like nothing could ever separate you.You can see Flurry Heart’s hesitant smile begin to turn into a fearful grimace. You have to say something quick, but what do you even say to her?“I guess since…” Now your eyes drop, although you can still see Flurry’s looking back up at you through your peripheral vision. “...since we already did it once, I guess there’s no harm in doing it one more time. Just one more, though! OK?”Finally, you see her smile for the first time since you picked her up from Sunburst’s place. You’re still shaking on the inside, terrified of the consequences of actively allowing a second kiss. Even though you may have enjoyed the first one, you at least have the excuse that she did it without asking. This time, though, you’re openly inviting her to do it again. By the same token, though, when you see her adorable dimples as she gives you her youthful, feminine smile, all the questions in your mind disappear, replaced instead by a warmth in your chest.“OK.”Flurry Heart slowly approaches forward, which you mirror hesitantly. Even with your mind made up, it’s still nerve-wracking to actually follow through with your decision, even when Flurry is doing half of the work for you. Once the two of you are close enough, you reach out your hand and brush Flurry’s mane out of her face, resting it against her burning cheek as you lead her face towards yours. You can see her gulp just before your eyelids begin to close, and once your eyes shut completely, everything around you disappears, in more ways than one.The next thing you know, the two of you are pressing your lips together, your hand running through her mane as her hooves explore your bare shoulders. At first, everything is soft, her small, delicate mouth closing together onto your top lip, breathing shakily as she desperately tries to impress you. Then, as the two of you gradually get more confidence, you pull her closer to your chest, holding the small of her back as one of her hooves travels down the center of your pecs. She can’t seem to hold still, trying to grab onto your entire torso from your waist to your shoulders until she finally latches onto both sides of your jaw, holding on like she’ll never let go. You, meanwhile, place your hand delicately underneath her chin while the other keeps her firmly pressed against you, as if you’d never let anything happen to her, so long as she’s in your arms.Finally, though, out of necessity for air, your lips losing their energy, or some other factor that you can’t seem to put your finger on, the kiss breaks, and the two of you are left looking deeply into each other’s eyes. Flurry Heart chuckles quietly for a moment, but she’s soon biting down onto her lower lip, staring into your pupils while her hooves remain wrapped around your neck. Neither of you know what to say, but you can tell you’re both thinking the same thing. Is this where it ends? Is this as far as you go?“I…” Flurry Heart says after a gulp. “I uh… Th-thank you.”You giggle softly. “What for?”The filly in front of you waits for several seconds, shaking her head until a small tear falls down her cheek. “For making my dream come true.”Suddenly, your heart breaks. At this point, the consequences no longer matter. The only thing that matters anymore is making this filly the happiest girl to ever live, and before you even realize what you’re doing, your lips come together once more, pressing down against her cheek to softly kiss her tears away.The filly pulls her face away with a giggle, laughing into her hooves as she looks at you with the biggest smile ever. Then, after a few moments of just looking into each other’s eyes some more, the two of you return to your kiss, mouths moving at an even fiercer voracity than before. Your hands grip onto the lip of the tub while Flurry Heart runs her hooves through your hair, pressing her torso into your bare naked chest. You know that you won’t be able to keep your hormones to yourself at this rate, but regardless as to what ends up happening in the end, you know that right now, you can’t go another second without slipping your tongue into Flurry Heart’s mouth.Her hooves jump at first, her smooth caresses through your hair going frozen as soon as you surprise her with the extra affection, making you wonder if you went too far too soon. After the initial shock disappears, however, she hesitantly tries massaging your own tongue with hers, running the tip of hers along the sides of yours as you push deeper into her mouth. She’s a little slow picking up on the art of making out, but every once in a while, whenever your tongue flicks against hers in just the right way, you can hear little squeaks escaping her chest. Sweet Celestia, when did this girl get so cute?“Bwaaaah!” she says, pulling away and gasping for air. “How do ponies breathe doing that?!”You chuckle quietly. “Did you wanna stop?”“Maybe for a minute.”As Flurry Heart leans back and allows herself to float backwards in the tub water, you discreetly put your hands on your lap, hiding your surprise stick as well as you can. You’re actually a little surprised that she wants to stop, but at least this way she won’t feel your boner poking at her leg. Again, you feel your head going through mental gymnastics, debating whether or not to go any further until your thoughts are quieted once again by Flurry Heart’s soothing voice.“You know, I like kissing you, but it’s also kinda weird…”You lift your head in surprise. “Weird how? Did I make any weird noises, or…?”The filly giggles femininely. “No, I’m pretty sure that was me. I don’t know, though. I mean, I guess I’ve just never felt anything like that before, even though I’ve practiced like a hundred times by now with Mr. Bearington.”“Wait, isn’t that the name of your stuffed--”“Nope! Uhhh, anyway, I guess it’s just weird since this is all so new to me. Maybe I just don’t know what I’m doing yet…”As soon as the words come out of her mouth, your boner disappears, as well as the smile that you had on your face. Of course she has no idea what she’s doing. She’s still a little girl, and you’re taking advantage of her! What, you think that just because she has a crush on you, you’re allowed to just use her like a toy, like Mr. Bearington? You try to get that image out of your head really quick, but the guilt burning up in your chest still remains as lucid and painful as ever.“Yeah…” you say, turning your face away. “I guess you’re right.”“So… will you teach me?”Suddenly, your neck practically breaks from the whiplash of turning to face her again. She looks nervous, and you can tell that it’s taking a lot of courage for her to be asking you that right now. Still, though, right after you had the epiphany that maybe you should just keep your dick in your metaphorical pants, are you just going to change your mind and pretend it never happened?You scratch the back of your neck, trying to make eye contact, but looking down bashfully out of pure reflex. “Listen, Flurry… I’m not so sure if I should be teaching you this kinda stuff.”“Pleeeeeease?” You try once again to look her in the eye, and this time, she’s maybe an inch away from your face, holding her hooves together while pleading imperatively. “I know I may not be very good right now, but I promise I’ll try my hardest!”Crap. She’s doing it again. She’s making you change your mind, even though you specifically promised yourself that you’d stop! How can you say no to a face like that, though? By just saying it, you doofus! Yes, admittedly, you might be sorta, kinda, possibly falling in love with her. That doesn’t mean this is OK!You gulp as she approaches even closer, her lips practically touching yours.“I… Uhh… Can’t… Umm…”“Dinner’s ready! Dry off, you two!”Saved by the servant!“Wow! Would you look at that? Dinner time already? I’m starving. Are you starving? Let’s go!”Then, you make the single dumbest decision of your entire life. In your race to get out of this situation as quick as you can, you immediately stand up from the bathwater, completely forgetting how butt naked you are and giving Flurry Heart an eyeful of your erection at practically full mass. Her eyes go wide with her cheeks turning a bright crimson, and even though the two of you know that you should probably turn away, you both somehow remain frozen in time. Both of your mouths open in shock, but neither of you can find a way for words to come out for at least twenty seconds.“C-c-c-cover your eyes!!”“Eep! I’m penis! I mean--I’m sorry!”“How the hell did you mix up the words ‘sorry’ and ‘penis’?!”“It’s not like I meant to!”Flurry Heart quickly covers her eyes with her hoof as you rush out of the bathtub, picking up a nearby towel and wrapping it around your waist before you can scar her any further. “I’ll get changed over here! Why don’t you get dried off over there?”“G-got it!”The alicorn filly then tries to pull herself out of the bathtub while simultaneously covering her eyes, but as soon as she’s halfway out of the tub, she slips and lands face first into the ground. Great. Just imagine how this would look if her parents came home to find their daughter with a concussion after she tried shielding her eyes from your dick. Thankfully, your boner is as good as gone by this point, which makes it easier to dry off as fast as you can.‘That’s it,’ you think to yourself. ‘Once dinner is finished, you’re going back to being her foalsitter! This has gone on long enough!’Once the two of you finish dinner, you both go up to her bedroom, where she proceeds to pick out a stuffed animal to play with while you lay on the ground, throwing a ball up and down. Neither of you have spoken much since leaving the bathroom, making the royal servant pretty suspicious while the two of you were eating. Normally, there would be no way she’d be able to stop talking to you, and you normally have plenty of snide remarks to come back with. The whole time, though, the two of you only spoke when necessary.‘Could you pass the hay?’‘No tea for me, thanks.’‘Strange? Who’s acting strange? Not us!’It’s pretty difficult to lie to her, but at the same time, it’s even more difficult to pretend like nothing happened. It’s not just the dick thing, either. You’re both embarrassed about how this whole day has turned out. The only thing you could do to make it any less awkward is to talk about it, but how exactly would you even start with something like that?“Hey, Anon?”“Hm?” you reply, never taking your eye off the ceiling as you continue tossing your ball up and down.“I’m sorry about before. I feel like everything I’ve done today has just made things worse.”“It’s not your fault you saw me free-balling back there. I was the one who forgot where I was.”“No, I’m not talking about that…” Finally, you catch your ball and turn your head to the side curiously. “I’m talking about everything. I’ve liked you for so long that I forgot that you were my foalsitter. I feel like I took advantage of your kindness today and made you do things you didn’t wanna do to make myself feel happy. I’m really sorry.”You shake your head as much as you can in your lying position. “You didn’t make me do anything I didn’t want to do. I’m the one who should be sorry. I’m your foalsitter, and I should know better than to kiss the girl I’m supposed to be taking care of.”Flurry Heart then flips over on her bed, tossing her stuffed animal to the side as she rests her chin in her hooves. “Anon, are you afraid of me?”Suddenly, you turn your head in surprise. Your initial reaction is to tell her that she’s silly, that you could never be afraid of somepony like her, but when you see how serious she is, you start to think a little bit harder. You want to tell her no, but that’s not really the truth, is it?“I don’t know. Maybe? Ugh. No… It’s not you I’m afraid of.”You can see the side of her mouth just barely tilt upwards as her hind legs kick back and forth playfully. “Tell me.”“I’m…” You gulp. “I’m afraid of how I feel about you.”“Wait… Are you saying…?”You gulp again, only this time, she does too. You can see yourself in Flurry Heart’s face, her expression being a mirror image of yours that you can see reflected in her eyes. Your bottom lips are quivering. You’re both breathing heavily. You’re both waiting anxiously for the answer to come out, and the longer you wait, the quicker your heart beats.Finally, clenching your eyes closed, you say, “Yeah. Flurry Heart, I think I’m falling in love with you.”Her eyes go wide, but she doesn’t speak. The silence is already starting to hurt, leading you to say every thought in your mind as if there are no repercussions.“I’m afraid of my feelings for you. I feel like I’m taking advantage of you, but every time I kiss you, it feels like everything is OK. It feels like this is where I’m supposed to be… But you’re still my best friend’s daughter! You said so yourself that you don’t know what you’re doing! I want to kiss you, but I’m scared! What if you end up regretting this down the road? What if everything I’m doing ends up hurting everypony I care about?! I just… I just…”“Anon.” Before you know it, she’s kneeling beside you, placing her hoof onto your shoulder with a look of compassion. “Teach me.” You quickly open your mouth to object, but she immediately places her hoof softly to your lips, shaking her head. “You won’t hurt me. I promise.”A few moments after her hoof leaves your lips, you ask, “You really want me to show you?”She nods her head. “Show me everything.”Slowly, you prop yourself up from the floor with your elbow, and with your eyes never leaving hers, you lean your head closer and plant a gentle kiss against her lips, which she reciprocates with equal tenderness. Your eyes close gently as your mouth opens up once again, placing your thumb underneath her chin to angle her into another passionate kiss. Your mouth gently nibbles her upper lip, pulling away just for her to attack your mouth again, delicately sliding her tongue into your mouth despite how nescient she knows she is.Then, she places her hoof onto your chest, leading you back down to the ground as she gets on top of you, her mane draping over your face, veiling the outside world from seeing your lips pressing together. Your mouth opens up once more, but this time, her tongue remains inside, dancing along yours while everything else fades away. The tips of her lips trace along yours, her head moving side to side while you rub your noses together, and as soon as you lift your face up to kiss her again, she latches her hoof against your neck, lightly tugging your face closer.You’re now trying to fight your emotions from getting too strong too fast. The delicate sensation of her tongue against yours is making your pelvis involuntarily thrust upwards, not too severely, but just enough to where you noticeably lift her upwards. Meanwhile, her hoof leisurely travels down lower until she gets to the base of your shirt, moving upwards again as she caresses the space between your pecs. You wonder how much she knows versus how much you’ll have to “teach” her, but luckily for you, she at least answers one question, her hoof descending back down your torso until it comes to the edge of your jeans.As her face pulls off of yours, she bites her lower lip and pleads with her eyes. “Is… Is it OK if I see it again?” You nod your head without thinking, and before either of you can second guess your answer, she undoes the button to your pants, pulling at the fabric until the bulge underneath becomes more and more prevalent.“Here,” you say, pulling down on the zipper, “let me help you.” The filly then pulls herself off of your body while you shimmy your jeans down to your ankles, pulling your underwear with it until she’s once again faced with your manhood, pointing in the air. Once she sees it, she freezes completely, not in a scared way, but in a way that shows you how new this is to her.“Is… Is it OK if I touch it?”“Yeah. I think I’d like that.”You expect Flurry Heart to get flustered or confused, but as she moves her hoof closer, she seems calm, maybe even happy. The moment her hoof grabs around the length of your shaft, you even see a small smile break along her mouth, breathing a subtle sigh of relief. You, on the other hand, are trying not to react too strongly from the sensation of her handling your most delicate area. The way her hoof meanders along the skin, exploring your phallus makes your shoulders tense up pleasurably, with another grin growing on her face.“This is the first time I’ve seen one of these before,” she says, eyeing your cock up and down with a feminine giggle. “My friend Luster Dawn says that boys like it when girls play with these.”And she would be very correct.“Did your friend tell you anything else?”“Well…” Flurry Heart quickly turns her head to hide her blush, but even pulling her mane over her cheeks, there’s no way for her to hide how bright she’s getting. “She also said that girls like it when boys... play with our things too.”You then gently place your fingers underneath the filly’s chin, slowly turning her face towards yours as you ask, “Did you wanna try that with me?” Her eyes never deviate from yours, and after a few moments of silence, she quietly nods her head. “Stand over here for me.”Finally, Flurry Heart releases your dick from her grip, which is sad at first until she gets off of you and stands where you tell her to go. She probably knows what’s going to happen next, but there’s no way she’s going to go through with it without you taking the lead for her. She’s shaking like a leaf right now, and to be fair, you are too a little bit. You examine her beautiful purple and blue tail, how it’s groomed to absolute perfection, but most importantly, how it thinly veils the area you want to see more than anything right now.With a gulp, you say, “OK. Lift your tail for me.”The filly nervously nods her head, and at a speed that’s almost grueling, she slowly brings it into the air, making your eyes go wide with your tongue nearly falling back into your throat. In the hundreds of times you’ve seen Flurry Heart, for the first time, you’re staring at her lady lips, the most delicate, small, alluring lady lips you’ve ever seen. You want to continue to stare, to let the drool drip down your stupid grin, but right about then, you see Flurry Heart stealthfully look backwards, just to jerk her head forward again once you make eye contact.“Do… Do you like it?” she asks, making you inadvertently chuckle. “Stop it, Anon! This isn’t funny!”“I know, but this is!”You then place your finger against the crease in her crotch and gradually slide the appendage down, slipping down the center of her fillyhood. She gasps instinctively, which was the exact reaction you were going for. Then, just for your own entertainment, you run your finger up and down between her folds like a hotdog, making her groan as her shoulders pinch together.“Mmf! That’s not funny ehhh… e-either!”You immediately pause your up and down movements, but that just makes Flurry Heart’s head swing backwards in disappointment. She has the worst poker face.“Fiiiiine,” you say with a snide grin. “I guess I’ll stop joking around, then.”“Thank y--ahh! Oh, Celestia.”Just as she’s about to thank you, you take your finger away from her pelvis and gently run your tongue where your finger left off. You gently lick the insides of her folds, not quite entering into her vagina yet, but rather exploring her labia, tasting how delicious she is before jumping into the best part. Even though the flavor of her fillyhood is already amazing by itself, what really turns you on is how her breathing gradually becomes audible, her hooves nearly collapsing in on themselves as your tongue gets closer and closer to penetrating her.Probably without realizing it, she lifts her flank higher into the air, arching her back slightly and pressing harder against your mouth. Your lips press against hers, french-kissing her fillyhood with your tongue slowly making its way into her hole. You hear a soft sigh escape her lips, and that’s all you need to let yourself in the rest of the way, licking up her vagina and exploring her inner walls. You can feel her getting tighter. You can taste how wet she’s getting. She’s even projecting more pheromones through the intoxicating scent emanating from her arousal center, and you get to experience it right there at the source, making your spine tingle.It’s obvious that this alone is probably already driving her crazy in a way she’s never experienced before. You sincerely doubt that she’s even heard of masturbation before, even with her friend Luster Dawn giving her sex tips. This is probably the most powerful sensation she’s ever felt before, making you wonder how much you should experiment before she explodes. Once she presses herself harder against your tongue, however, you realize that she wants more, and you’re going to give it to her.You then begin to pull your tongue out of her inner tunnels, but not all the way. Instead, once your tongue reaches her labia again, you begin licking her in circles, exploring the insides of her folds while you desperately search for her weak spot. You hear her gasp every once in a while whenever you hit a sensitive area, but you know there’s somewhere else that will have an even bigger reaction. Finally, you reach the end of her vulva, and it's there when you send a long, agonizing stroke across the button at the edge, causing her to make sounds she’s probably never made before.“Mnnnggggggah! Haaaah. Un!”It sounds like she’s having fun, but you know at least one way to make it even better. While her mind preoccupies itself with the nerve endings in her clitoris, she leaves herself open to a second attack. Right when she probably wouldn’t believe there was any way to experience any higher level of pure bliss, you slide your finger into her pussy, pressing against her insides, which hug you tighter as her arousal intensifies. She’s practically dripping down her legs, which you exacerbate by forcing your finger deeper, making her pants much more audible, turning into small, high-pitched moans each time she exhales.You want to give her more. You want to send her over the edge, to give her her first orgasm, but before you get that chance, Flurry Heart reaches backwards and pushes your face off of her fillyhood, falling onto her front hooves while her hind legs throb in unison with her heartbeat.“OK. Stahh… Stop for just a seh… C-can’t breathe.”Now that you think about it, neither can you. It’s only after you stop eating her out that you realize how overzealous you may have gotten. In all fairness, though, how could anyone stop themselves when tasting the fresh nectar of the most enticing filly in all of Equestria?“Did you like it?”Flurry Heart immediately turns her head to give you the stink eye. “You think you’re so funny, don’t you?”“Oh, sorry. I didn’t mean to hit a nerve... *cough*in your vagina*cough*.”The filly then rolls her eyes with a scoff, turning around to grab your dick again, making you wince from the surprise of her gentle touch. She probably notices, but her focus is more on examining the anatomy itself, tilting her head to look at it from different angles.“There has to be a weak spot on here somewhere!”You don’t want to tell her that basically the entire thing is one big weak spot, especially since she looks so cute eyeing your dick with her tongue sticking out in curiosity. By the same token, though, it’s driving you crazy how much it's throbbing right now, especially with her hoof softly running up and down as she yanks it side to side.“There might be one place I can think of, but it’s kinda hard to get to without using your mouth.”Suddenly, her head jerks back. “Eww. You want me to suck on it?”“...Does that mean yes?”She tries her hardest to give you a stern look, but that quickly breaks once her chest starts bouncing in her attempts to keep her chortles on the inside. She releases one quick chuckle before going back to the serious face she was wearing before, and once again, she finds herself cracking up, unable to hold onto the serious expression she’s trying desperately to maintain.Finally, rolling her eyes, she says, “Fiiiine. Only a little bit, though.”You probably can’t take more than a little bit anyway.Flurry Heart then brushes her mane out of her face, tossing it to the side while she tilts your cock upwards. Her hoof instinctively moves up and down, tugging on the skin of your shaft while she readies her mouth. Then, with her eyes gradually coming to a close, she lowers her head, placing her tongue on the head of your dick before biting the bullet and wrapping her lips around the sides, causing your hormones to explode through your entire body. You have to grip onto the floor just so that you have some way of channeling the pure rush of energy she gives you right from the start, and as her head begins to slowly work its way down, your own head knocks back in agony.Now you’re the one breathing heavily. With every stroke from her small, delicate tongue, you feel a muscle in your back reflexively twinge. Meanwhile, her hoof continues rubbing you below, working in tandem with her mouth to give you the optimal stimuli to your pleasure centers. She probably doesn’t even realize she’s doing it; she’s most likely just trying to keep your shaft steady so it doesn’t flop out of her mouth, but the way she moves makes her nothing less than a prodigy, massaging your phallus like she’s been practicing just for you.Suddenly, though, her head goes down further than you were expecting, and her eyes immediately go wide. The next thing you know, she’s pulling your cock out of her mouth and coughing vehemently, punching her chest to get her saliva out of her windpipe. Maybe deepthroating is a little much for her right now, but in your defense, it wasn’t like you planned that… notthatyouparticularlymindthough.“Ugh,” Flurry says, forcing out one last powerful cough. “Do girls really do that?”“Sometimes,” you reply, leaning back on your hands. “It takes some practice, though.”“You mean we’re doing it again?!”You can’t help but laugh. “Not if you don’t want to.”“Maybe not right now, then. I like it and all, but I’d probably choke if I tried doing it again right now.” Hey, future blowjobs are still a win in your book. “Is there anything else that boys and girls normally do together?”“You mean like sex?”Flurry Heart’s face goes red. You’re not sure how much she knows about it, but she’s obviously at least heard of it. “My friend Luster Dawn told me about that once. Isn’t that when a boy puts his thing inside a girl’s thing?”“How much does this Luster Dawn chick know?!”“Her name literally has the word ‘lust’ in it.”You nod your head. “Makes sense. So, did you wanna try it?”Flurry Heart looks away, shrinking slightly. “Yeah, but… will it hurt?”Your heart melts. With the most compassionate smile you can give her, you pat her on the head, lowering your face down to kiss her on the nose, making her giggle softly. “Flurry, you don’t have to do it if you don’t want to. It’s OK.”“No!” The sudden urgency in her voice catches you off guard before she puts her hoof to your shoulder. “I want to! I’m just a little scared.” You’re about to object further, but it seems like she’s picking up on that, gripping your shoulder gently with her lip trembling. “Please, Anon. I want to do it with you. I want all of you. I just need your help getting started.”And you want to do it with her, not because you’re horny, but because you can’t think of anypony you’d rather share this moment with. That’s when you start to see yourself a little in her. You’re scared too. You’re scared of hurting her. You’re scared of making that initial jump. Still, even in your timidity, she holds on tight and won’t let go. Maybe if you make this jump together, things won’t be so scary anymore.“Promise you’ll tell me if you feel uncomfortable at all?”“I promise!!”“Seriously, Flurry. I want you to tell me if at any point you--”Before you can finish your sentence, however, she places a hard kiss on your mouth, throwing in a feminine lick across your tongue before pulling away, leaving you wide-eyed in the aftermath. “I promise.”She gives you a stern look, and you can tell that there’s no point in arguing with her any further. With a silent nod from you, she pulls herself away, timidly turning around and lifting her tail again. You see a small stain left on her filly lips from her earlier arousal, once again making the blood rush to your shaft. As you pull yourself up to your knees, Flurry Heart arches her back lower, bringing her rump higher into the air. You then bring your hand to your dick, angling it towards her opening while you both bite down onto your lip nervously. The head of your dick clumsily bounces against her crotch, almost going into the wrong hole as you attempt to steer it towards her vagina. Then, once you manage to get it where you want it, you slowly push your hips forward, sliding your dick into her pussy, and just like that, the two of you are having sex for the very first time.“Mm!” she moans. “Ohhhh, Celestia that’s good.”“You want me to go deeper?”“Yes, please!”You do as she requests, meandering your length through her intricate inner tunnels, making her sigh even louder. “Ohhhh my goodness. You feel so good, Anon.”You can’t help but smirk. “You’re about to feel even better.”“I don’t think that’s possible!” Once the words leave her mouth, however, you leisurely slip your cock from her lower lips, the head of your dick grinding against her inner walls until you push yourself back in, going even deeper than the first time. “Eep! I was wrong! This feels way better!”Never before has a girl made you feel so confident before, and you’re going to reward her by giving her the best feeling she’s ever had. Your hips begin to pull out and slide back inside, finding a slow rhythm that pushes her body forward with each thrust, going a little bit deeper every time. Flurry Heart bites into her hoof, trying to keep her grunts inside, which is becoming less and less possible as you hump her with more force each time. You then grab onto her hips, holding her firmly while your dick tries its hardest to take away her ability to think. Her wings fold tighter into her back similar to how her vagina clamps down onto your member, squeezing hard as if it were taking out all of her pent up lust onto your phallus.“Mmm! Anoon!!”Your eyes squeeze closed in reflex from her aroused, high-pitched voice. “Louder, Flurry.”“Anooon! You’re making me so wet right now!” Her voice gets even higher in pitch with each passing letter. You’re a little worried that the royal servants will hear if things go on like this, but if it means getting to hear more of her horny voice drowning out the splashing sounds below, you’re more than happy to take that risk. You then grab her front hooves and lift her up so that her back is parallel to the ground, pulling her hooves back while you slam your pelvises together. Her heavy breathing gradually turns into moans, the occasional shriek whenever you go extra deep, despite the fact that you’re practically hitting her cervix with every thrust. She then breaks free from your grip, swings her hooves backwards and pulls you from behind your head, bringing you into a passionate kiss as your groins continue to bounce together. Once the kiss breaks, you reach your arms around her waist, hugging her as close to your body as you can while she wraps one hoof around your arms, the other caressing your cheek.With your dick now gliding through her insides at a speed that makes you nearly grunt in pain, you place your fingers under her chin, lifting them to the side so that you can place another kiss on her lips. The momentum, though, makes you lose balance, falling backwards and taking Flurry Heart with you. Once your back hits the ground, though, the filly on top of you flips herself over, places both hooves onto your cheeks and kisses you even harder, slowly letting her pussy fall around your dick again.“Flurry Heart,” you moan, but she just shushes you, putting her hoof to your lips.“You just lie down, and I’ll take care of the rest.”In the next moment, however, she lifts herself up to a sitting position, slowly lifting up her pelvis before dropping it down with twice the force. Her voice gets even louder, complemented by her eyes squeezing shut violently in her state of arousal. “Ah! You like it when I moan your name, Anon?”“Yes,” you barely get out in a whisper.“Ahhhn~! Anon! You feel so good inside me! Ahhhh!!”Forget the royal servants. You want all of Equestria to hear this.“Louder, Flurry.”“Ahhhhhh!!! I’m so tight for you, Anon.”You raise your hand and brush through Flurry Heart’s mane as her eyes reach towards the ceiling, her voice squeaking as she gasps erotically. “You know what would feel even better?”The filly chuckles before her mouth takes an O-shape, moaning out in lust as you thrust between her legs again. “Ahhhh. There’s no way anything feels better than this.”In the next moment, you grab her by the waist, flip the two of you onto your sides and lift Flurry Heart’s leg into the air, squeezing your manhood into her tight filly hole as it squeezes you harder. You try not to grunt too loud, just so you can enjoy her own voice projecting how horny you’re making her, but with your mouth right next to her ear, there’s no way she can’t hear how heavy you’re breathing.“You’re allowed to make noises too, you know,” she says with a giggle. “I promise I won’t mind.”“Ohhhh, Flurry Heart.”“Mm! Why does your voice sound so good right now?”Then, once your lips slip past her soft, curled mane, you quietly whisper into her ear, “You like it when I sound like this?” In the next moment, Flurry breaks her leg free from your grip, squeezing her hind legs together harder with her hoof going to her mouth, trying to quell the arousal projecting from her voice. You, meanwhile, continue pounding her below, never skipping a beat as your cock dominates both her body and mind. “You like it when I whisper like this?”“Ah! I can’t… I can’t breathe…!”“Then maybe I should be a little louder. OHHHH! Flurry Heart! You feel so goooood!” Flurry Heart then places both hooves to her mouth, trying to keep herself from screaming despite how much she knows she wants to. “Go ahead. Let it all out.”“But somepony might hear!”You grin deviously. “Then go ahead and try holding it in.” You then blow lightly against her ear, nibbling it tenderly, and suddenly all the pent up sexual frustration she’s been holding in comes out all at once. She immediately screams so loud that her voice breaks, causing your hips to pick up in speed, burying your face into her back while your fingers grip tighter around her sides.With her mind probably buried in her libido, running off of carnal instinct alone, her pelvis bucks against yours every time you thrust forward, forcing your dick further down her vagina. She doesn’t seem to know a whole lot about sex in general, so everything she’s doing, every movement she’s making, every sound she makes is driven purely by the instructions her lady parts give her. Her hormones are in total control of her whole body, maneuvering in any way possible that will bring her the highest degree of satisfaction. It’s almost like she’s using your dick to experiment, dancing along your skin like it’s a toy specifically designed to make her insides burst.Her hooves flail everywhere, gripping onto the floor, your shirt, your hair, anything she can latch onto that will momentarily hold her still before you make her body writhe again. Meanwhile, she screams her heart out, getting weaker from all the energy she’s using, yet still unable to keep herself from moaning passionately.“Anon! Something’s happening! It’s getting so close!”“What is it? Wait, are you about to cum?!”“I don’t know, just keep going! It’s so goo… s-so good!! Mmm! Ah! AH!”Without hesitating another moment, you grip her legs and spread them as wide as you can. Then, before she loses the feeling in her lower half, you pull your arm over her leg to keep her in position while you run your fingers over her clitoris, rubbing her back and forth at the same tempo as your dick. Her eyes squeeze closed, her mouth opening wider, though now the sound refuses to come out. Instead, her face tenses as if she’s in pain, but in the next moment, you can feel her front hole tensing up around your penis, pulsating along with her heartbeat.Finally, her voice comes out. The most feminine, high-pitched sound you’ve ever heard suddenly projects from her chest along with the feeling of fluids dripping down the sides of your shaft. You legitimately have to kiss her to keep her from letting everypony in the castle know about the orgasm she’s having. In response, though, she turns over, forcefully holding onto your cheeks as she violently shoves her tongue into your mouth while her knees cave in to each other. The feeling seems to last forever as all of your senses become immersed in the excitement between her legs, feeling her hole squeezing against your manhood, smelling the flowery shampoo in her mane, hearing the splashing sounds below as her moans reverberate in your mouth.Once her mouth eventually pulls off of yours, she’s completely out of breath, gasping desperately for air, but you’re not about to let her have it just yet. Even though she’s probably exhausted from all the exertion her body just went under, you’re finally getting closer to your own climax.“Anon,” she pants, “what just happened to me?”“Did it feel good?”Flurry Heart chuckles weakly. “Ohhhhhh yeah.”“Then can I have a turn too?”“Sure! What do you want me to do?”“Moan my name.”The filly tilts her head in confusion, but with an extra deep thrust between her thighs, she wraps her hooves around your neck, sighing quietly. “Mm. Anoooon~! It still feels really good.”“Yeah, just like that.”Her mouth turns upward into a naughty grin, knocking her head back while she bounces on top of your dick. “Ah! Anon! You’re making me so wet!”“Ohhh, Celestia that’s good.”“Harder, Anon! Ah! Ah!”“Keep going! I’m so close!”“Ahn! AHN! Anon! AHHHH!!!”You can’t take it anymore. You feel like you should probably warn her about what happens at the end of sex, but there’s no more time left. In the next second, once her voice reaches an all-time high, you lift your hips up as high as you can, pressing Flurry Heart’s body as close to yours as physically possible. Before you can even think of what’s going on, semen shoots out of your dick, filling the entirety of her insides in an instant. Her eyes squeeze even harder together, but right where she would normally scream, her voice catches in her throat, instead taking in quick, heavy breaths. Your hips, meanwhile, pulse along with your cock, your buttcheeks clenching together as your seed continues to flow into her ovaries. You wonder whether she can feel it, and if she can, what’s going on inside her mind. From the face she’s making, though, you can tell that whatever she’s thinking, she’s enjoying every last second of it.Finally, your dick finishes cumming, and as you slowly pull yourself out of the horny filly, you can see a small strand of semen dripping out of her hole. Finally, she gets a chance to breathe, placing her hooves on your chest while she heaves deep, heavy pants, trying to get her heart to go back to a normal pace. Yours, though, hasn’t stopped. Even after you’ve climaxed, it feels like the moment is still going on. Then, she opens her eyes, and the second you look into her blue irises, your heart races faster than any orgasm could ever give you. Yes, the sex was great, but even more importantly, though, was the girl you did it with.Once she sees you looking at her, she giggles femininely, and your heart nearly explodes. Pulling her mane to the side again, though, she lowers herself enough to plant a small kiss on your lips, making your heart come to a complete stop.“See?” she says. “Told you I’d like it.”You, however, are basically dead now, lying motionless with a heart that ruptured from her cuteness. Luckily, though, Flurry Heart either ignores you or doesn’t notice. Probably the former.“You’re gonna kill me one of these days, you know that?” you say, lifting yourself up slowly, but again, Flurry Heart ignores you as her eyes light up.“Hey! Let’s sleep in my bed this time!”By the time you lift yourself up, she’s already gotten under the covers, snuggling herself in and patting on the sheets beside her. Now that she mentions it, a nap sounds pretty good right now, considering all you’ve been through today, let alone the past ten minutes. It’s a little difficult to get yourself up to your feet at first, but pulling your underwear back up to your waist, you wobble your way to her bed and snuggle up next to her, making her giggle that same stupid, adorable laugh.“Thanks for today, Anon. It made me really happy.”“Trust me, I think I’m the one who should be thanking you. I don’t think I’ve ever felt so good in my life.”Flurry Heart laughs quietly and shakes her head, looking down at her bed sheets, which she fiddles with nervously. “That’s not what I mean. But, d-don’t get me wrong! That part was good too! It’s just... I mean... I guess what I’m trying to say is… Um… I…” “Hmm?”Finally, she looks into your eyes. “I love you.”Your lip trembles, you want to say it back, but there are no words that could ever express how much you love her back, how happy you are that she’s part of her life. Instead, you hold her close, pulling her face into your chest while you kiss her on the head. No matter what happens in your life, you will always have this moment, and there is nothing that could ever match the feelings you have right now.“I feel so stupid...”Flurry Heart quickly brings her eyes back up to yours, her face beginning to panic. “I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to--”Before she can finish her thought, however, you place your finger to her lips, silencing her as your wide smile momentarily calms her down. “No. I feel stupid for taking this long to finally realize that maybe... maybe we really are soulmates.”The filly giggles. “Told ya!” Then, bringing her mouth up to yours, she places a long, passionate kiss against your lips. Both of your eyes close, allowing the kiss to last as long as your muscles can physically bear, only pulling away so that you can see her beautiful smile one more time. Has she always been this perfect? Has she always made your heart flutter like this? Has she always made you feel like the most important, most confident person in all of Equestria?Suddenly, however, you see her yawn, wrapping her hooves around your arm and snuggling her face into your shoulder. She must be exhausted after having the mentally draining day that the two of you had, and to be honest, you aren’t holding up much better. Neither of you got much sleep the night before, so it only makes sense that you’d both be tired right now, but even though she’s falling asleep in your arms with a small smile forming on her lips, you have to stay awake for at least a little while longer.No dream could ever be as good as the one that just came true."Anon I don't think you understand the severity of the situation. She's really in love with you.""Really?""Celestia says the song was twelve minutes of archaic euphemisms about riding a monkey, with a chorus about seeing him in her dreams.""That's ominous."Twilight shakes her head, a grim look on her face"What I'm saying, Anon, is be careful. Mares in Equestria weren't always the most, ah, respectful of their prospective mate's wishes."Damn."I'm going to get raped?""No! Not necessarily, it's just..."You give her a stern glare. Twilight ducks her head."You might get raped. A little."The rest of the day, you can track the spread of the news by the number of pitying glances you get. Gifts start piling up by your door. Fluttershy offers her shoulder to cry on for afterwards. Rarity..."Anonymous, I hear you are to be a royal consort?"“Yes?"Rarity chews her lip."After you ah, make it, perhaps you could consider my services for your wedding? I would be ever so grateful.""Wedding?"She looks at you with startled eyes."Why of course! If she insists on a, hmmm, royal audience, you may demand a marriage and she is honor bound to accept. Darling, you have no idea how exciting it is, to see all those lovely romance novels play out in modern times.""You're getting off on this, aren't you?""Now now, there's no need to be crude."You just give her a flat stare. Rarity pretends to inspect her hoof."Privately, Anonymous. I am a lady, after all."Later, Rainbow Dash hits the ground and skids a bit before facing you. She grins and gives you a wink."Anon, you gotta fuck the moon."“Fuck the moon?""Fuck the moon."She stares at you for a long moment. Honestly, you don't get what the big deal is exactly,"Yeah, sure."Rainbow frowns."That's not the voice of the stallion who's going to fuck the moon."You roll your eyes, but Dash is a bro. You point dramatically at your junk with one hand, the other pointing at the sky."THIS IS THE DRILL THAT SHALL PIERCE THE HEAVENS!"Dash laughs and flies away.Pinkie Pie just leaves cupcakes everywhere with "sweet dreams" written in frosting.Applejack hoofs you a mug of cider."Anon, I'm gonna be straight with you here. If'n it weren't illegal, an' Luna didn't call dibs, ah'd take you marefully."..."That's...nice? Wait, if it's illegal, why isn't anyone stopping Luna?"Appul shakes her head."You go an' try to tell a mare with a thousand year dry spell not to jump the first colt as strikes her fancy. Add in she's the Princess of the Moon, an' let me tell you, you got all the condolences in the world, but ain't no one gonna stand 'tween you and a thousand years of piled up hankerin'."As night falls, you find yourself getting nervous. You've had a few flings with various ponies, but nothing serious. The difference in status is enough to make Jane Austen's panties wet. Not to mention Luna’s absurd power set is kind of intimidating. To be honest though, you are mostly hyped about having sex. You are kind of a slut. You lay awake in bed for hours. Eventually, you hear an irritated huff, and everything turns blue before fading to black.The first hint that you are dreaming is that you are somehow in a palace on the moon. The second hint is Luna walking towards you with a sway in her step and jewels in her fur."Rejoice, fair Anonymous, for I have chosen thee from the multitude of dreaming! This night I do offer thee wonders and pleasures beyond mortal comprehension, yea, even the beyond the realms of physical limitations!""That sounds great. What did you have in mind?"She draws close, her eyes half lidded.  "Shouldst thou agree, ye shall be my consort, yea, the single soul privy to mine every feature. Come! Lay thy hands upon me, for it is given to thee to probe mine every orifice as thou wilt."Luna abruptly turns around, her tail lifted and her legs braced apart."Don't mind if I do."You rest your hands on her taut posterior. To be honest, it's a little small for your tastes, but a butt is a butt. You rub gentle circles on her cheeks, pulling them apart to catch glimpses of her winking marehood. Nice.You slide your hands along her side and she lifts a wing out of your way. You continue around to her neck, stroking her soft fur. Weirdly, you find her neck more of a turn on than her ass. You cup her blushing cheeks, and she can't seem to meet your eyes. Every orifice, hmmm? You slip a finger into her mouth, and she lets out a little gasp. Then her tongue presses against it, licking and swirling around your digit. This time she does look you in the eyes, sultry and suggestive. You grin and slide the rest of your hand into her mouth.Her eyes widen in surprise, and you indulge in a bit of mischief and grab the slippery flesh of her tongue. She makes a grunt of confusion, and you snicker."Just wanted to see how you'd react."You take your hand out of her mouth and wipe it off on her neck. Luna steps back, as if seeing you for the first time."Thou art unlike any of mine subjects. Art thou always this flippant?"You shrug."Part of the fun is messing with the high and mighty. I also wanted to see how flexible you are about weird stuff. Apparently, not that flexible."She glares at you."I am no stranger to hoof-play, Anonymous. It is a common enough thing to kiss, suckle, and lick. Not to seize thy partner's tongue!""Luna, that's pretty tame compared to the weird stuff I can get off to. If you can't handle that much, I'm not sure this could really work out between us."You can almost see her contemplating her tongue. She takes a deep breath."Thou mayest try again. Forsooth, I was merely surprised that thou wouldst go so far. Come, Anonymous, test again mine limits."She opens her mouth wide, her tongue gently undulating, her eyes averted. This could be fun.“Nah, I'm good."She stares at you in consternation. Her jaw closes with a click."Perhaps thou art unsatisfied with my posterior?"What.She gives you a haughty look."Dost thou wish to rut mine sister?"Celestia appears in front of you, her tail lifted, marevag winking."Um,"Luna comes to your side."Is she not more pleasing than I?"Celestia looks at you over her shoulder."Fuck me, Anon."What the hell is happening."Girls, girls, you're both pretty."The mane six appear around you, also presenting themselves. Luna speaks into your ear."In thy dreams, though mayest rut anypony of thy choosing. All I ask is that thou remain by my side in thy waking hours."This is messed up. You kinda like it. Still, you have to wonder."Very tempting. But I have to ask, why me? We only met the one time."The other ponies vanish, and Luna settles down on a divan that wasn't there a moment ago."Thou art... confident. Brazen. As this night bareth witness, ye are no respecter of position, nor power, neither are ye as submissive and shy as other males."Huh. You suppose that makes you the equestrian male equivalent of a tomboy. Luna gazes down at her hooves."Celestia hath always been the more feminine of the two of us. It is not given to me, to speak eloquent and flattering words to stir a stallion's heart. With thee, I thought that thou wouldst bridge the gap, to speak when I falter, and to move when I hesitate. Little did I know what words thou wouldst say, nor movements thou wouldst dare against propriety."You look into her sad eyes. Hell, why not? You step forward, cupping her face again in your hands. Luna stares at you, wary, weary, hopeful. You kiss her lips.Her eyes shoot wide open in surprise. You add a little tongue. She responds in kind, her breath quickening. It's nice, her hesitant but eager movements, her warm mouth. Finally, you part, a grin on your face."You got yourself a consort."Luna's face lights up."Forsooth?""Forsooth."She prances around happily, glancing at you and grinning. Cute. Then she darts towards you and pecks you on the lips."A coltfriend! A consort!"She laughs joyfully, running circles around you in excitement. Yeah, you made the right choice. Finally, she settles back onto the divan, glancing at your face, and your crotch. You rub your cheek in bemusement."You know, it's funny. A lot of ponies expected me to get raped, but you've been remarkably well behaved."Luna blushes."I am not ignorant of the laws, Anonymous. E'en though I longed to mount thee from time to time, I would rather have thy cooperation. Twas a close thing, if I may speak with candor."You shrug."I am surprisingly sexy.""Indeed."She shifts a little on the divan."Whilst we are on the topic..."Celestia appears facing you, laying on her stomach. You blink."What?"Luna stares at you with fervent eyes."Rape her mouth. And call her a dirty whore."Huh."Really?"A mischievous gleam shines in Luna's eyes."If thou canst not withstand this mild perversion, that doth bode ill for thy suitability as my mate.""Fair enough."You strip out of your clothes slowly, keeping an eye on Luna's hungry expression. You turn to Celestia, your dick hardening in your hand."Suck my cock, you dirty whore."With that, you thrust into her mouth. Her eyes widen as you grip her horn and her mane, roughly pushing your dick further into her mouth. She makes muffled noises of protest, but her mouth is hot and moist, and too good to quit. You can hear Luna breathing heavily not too far away."Take it, sister. Thou art but a toy to my coltfriend!"You redouble your efforts, your cock grinding against her cheek, then her tongue. Luna moves to stand above her sister, her marehood dripping onto Celestia's head. You remove your hand from Celestia's mane and use it to finger Luna's pussy. She groans and leans into your touch, more marecum splattering into Celestia's mane. Sunbutt whimpers around your cock, marecum dripping down her forehead and across a closed eyelid. Her other eye stares at you pleadingly. Luna tosses her head in exultation."Cease thy violations, Anon. Sister dearest isn't worthy of thy seed. Nay, a far more fertile field lies above. Plow, fair Anonymous, and plant thy seed!"You pull out of Celestia's mouth, and you bring Luna's rear down in its place. You thrust into Luna's winking marehood, groaning at the glorious sensation. Then you feel a warm tongue licking at your balls, gathering what nectar courses from Luna's flower. Luna grins at you over her shoulder."Is not sister," hah, "a good attendant?" hah, "Such a greedy whore."Luna's heavy breathing is a bit more of a turn on than her weird sister issues, but you aren't complaining. You slap Luna's ass. You nod in agreement."Such a whore."Luna clenches around you, then her pussy resumes its rhythmic milking.   "Y-yes. Consort? Do that again."You slap her ass as you bury your dick deep within her. Luna groans, shivering with pleasure. She gasps, "Again!" You are both pretty close. You thrust in and out a few more times, building up momentum, then you hilt inside her throbbing, winking pussy. At the same time, you strike her rear with as much force as you can muster. Her marehood clenches hard as her legs buckle. You collapse together on top of Celestia, your cock firing again and again into the torrent of Luna's orgasm. Celestia lies docile beneath your twitching bodies, semen and marecum pooling between her shoulders.You wake up, only to find that Luna had mounted you in your sleep. You thought Celestia's mouth was too good earlier, and now you know why. Luna stirs a little from where she had collapsed on your chest."Hey."She smiles sleepily."Greetings.""Well, Rarity will be happy."Luna wakes up a little more."Pray, tell me the reason."“You raped my sleeping body. Now you have to marry me."Luna's eyes widen."Thou knowest of the custom?"You reach down and squeeze her ass."Yup. Now you're stuck with me."She wiggles a little."More aptly, I am stuck upon thee. Fortunate, therefore, that I would rather be nowhere else.""Forsooth?"She giggles."Forsooth.""Anon I don't think you understand the severity of the situation. She's really in love with you.""Really?""Celestia says the song was twelve minutes of archaic euphemisms about riding a monkey, with a chorus about seeing him in her dreams.""That's ominous."Twilight shakes her head, a grim look on her face"What I'm saying, Anon, is be careful. Mares in Equestria weren't always the most, ah, respectful of their prospective mate's wishes."Damn."I'm going to get raped?""No! Not necessarily, it's just..."I give her a stern glare. Twilight ducks her head."You might get raped. A little."The rest of the day, I can track the spread of the news by the number of pitying glances I get. Gifts start piling up by my door. Fluttershy offers her shoulder to cry on for afterwards. Rarity..."Anonymous, I hear you are to be a royal consort?"“Yes?"Rarity chews her lip."After you ah, make it, perhaps you could consider my services for your wedding? I would be ever so grateful.""Wedding?"She looks at me with startled eyes."Why of course! If she insists on a, hmmm, royal audience, you may demand a marriage and she is honor bound to accept. Darling, you have no idea how exciting it is, to see all those lovely romance novels play out in modern times.""You're getting off on this, aren't you?""Now now, there's no need to be crude."I just give her a flat stare. Rarity pretends to inspect her hoof."Privately, Anonymous. I am a lady, after all."Later, Rainbow Dash hits the ground and skids a bit before facing me. She grins and gives me a wink."Anon, you gotta fuck the moon."“Fuck the moon?""Fuck the moon."She stares at me for a long moment. Honestly, I don't get what the big deal is exactly,"Yeah, sure."Rainbow frowns."That's not the voice of the stallion who's going to fuck the moon."I roll my eyes, but Dash is a bro. I point dramatically at my junk with one hand, the other pointing at the sky."THIS IS THE DRILL THAT SHALL PIERCE THE HEAVENS!"Dash laughs and flies away.Pinkie Pie just leaves cupcakes everywhere with "sweet dreams" written in frosting.Applejack hoofs me a mug of cider."Anon, I'm gonna be straight with you here. If'n it weren't illegal, an' Luna didn't call dibs, ah'd take you marefully."..."That's...nice? Wait, if it's illegal, why isn't anyone stopping Luna?"Appul shakes her head."You go an' try to tell a mare with a thousand year dry spell not to jump the first colt as strikes her fancy. Add in she's the Princess of the Moon, an' let me tell you, you got all the condolences in the world, but ain't no one gonna stand 'tween you and a thousand years of piled up hankerin'."As night falls, I find myself getting nervous. I've had a few flings with various ponies, but nothing serious. The difference in status is enough to make Jane Austen's panties wet. Not to mention Luna’s absurd power set is kind of intimidating. To be honest though, I am mostly hyped about having sex. I am kind of a slut. I lay awake in bed for hours. Eventually, I hear an irritated huff, and everything turns blue before fading to black.The first hint that I am dreaming is that I am somehow in a palace on the moon. The second hint is Luna walking towards me with a sway in her step and jewels in her fur."Rejoice, fair Anonymous, for I have chosen thee from the multitude of dreaming! This night I do offer thee wonders and pleasures beyond mortal comprehension, yea, even the beyond the realms of physical limitations!""That sounds great. What did you have in mind?"She draws close, her eyes half lidded.  "Shouldst thou agree, ye shall be my consort, yea, the single soul privy to mine every feature. Come! Lay thy hands upon me, for it is given to thee to probe mine every orifice as thou wilt."Luna abruptly turns around, her tail lifted and her legs braced apart."Don't mind if I do."I rest my hands on her taut posterior. To be honest, it's a little small for my tastes, but a butt is a butt. I rub gentle circles on her cheeks, pulling them apart to catch glimpses of her winking marehood. Nice.I slide my hands along her side and she lifts a wing out of my way. I continue around to her neck, stroking her soft fur. Weirdly, I find her neck more of a turn on than her ass. I cup her blushing cheeks, and she can't seem to meet my eyes. Every orifice, hmmm? I slip a finger into her mouth, and she lets out a little gasp. Then her tongue presses against it, licking and swirling around my digit. This time she does look me in the eyes, sultry and suggestive. I grin and slide the rest of my hand into her mouth.Her eyes widen in surprise, and I indulge in a bit of mischief and grab the slippery flesh of her tongue. She makes a grunt of confusion, and I snicker."Just wanted to see how you'd react."I take my hand out of her mouth and wipe it off on her neck. Luna steps back, as if seeing me for the first time."Thou art unlike any of mine subjects. Art thou always this flippant?"I shrug."Part of the fun is messing with the high and mighty. I also wanted to see how flexible you are about weird stuff. Apparently, not that flexible."She glares at me."I am no stranger to hoof-play, Anonymous. It is a common enough thing to kiss, suckle, and lick. Not to seize thy partner's tongue!""Luna, that's pretty tame compared to the weird stuff I can get off to. If you can't handle that much, I'm not sure this could really work out between us."I can almost see her contemplating her tongue. She takes a deep breath."Thou mayest try again. Forsooth, I was merely surprised that thou wouldst go so far. Come, Anonymous, test again mine limits."She opens her mouth wide, her tongue gently undulating, her eyes averted. This could be fun.“Nah, I'm good."She stares at me in consternation. Her jaw closes with a click."Perhaps thou art unsatisfied with my posterior?"What.She gives me a haughty look."Dost thou wish to rut mine sister?"Celestia appears in front of me, her tail lifted, marevag winking."Um,"Luna comes to my side."Is she not more pleasing than I?"Celestia looks at me over her shoulder."Fuck me, Anon."What the hell is happening."Girls, girls, you're both pretty."The mane six appear around me, also presenting themselves. Luna speaks into my ear."In thy dreams, though mayest rut anypony of thy choosing. All I ask is that thou remain by my side in thy waking hours."This is messed up. I kinda like it. Still, I have to wonder."Very tempting. But I have to ask, why me? We only met the one time."The other ponies vanish, and Luna settles down on a divan that wasn't there a moment ago."Thou art... confident. Brazen. As this night bareth witness, ye are no respecter of position, nor power, neither are ye as submissive and shy as other males."Huh. I suppose that makes me the equestrian male equivalent of a tomboy. Luna gazes down at her hooves."Celestia hath always been the more feminine of the two of us. It is not given to me, to speak eloquent and flattering words to stir a stallion's heart. With thee, I thought that thou wouldst bridge the gap, to speak when I falter, and to move when I hesitate. Little did I know what words thou wouldst say, nor movements thou wouldst dare against propriety."I look into her sad eyes. Hell, why not? I step forward, cupping her face again in my hands. Luna stares at me, wary, weary, hopeful. I kiss her lips.Her eyes shoot wide open in surprise. I add a little tongue. She responds in kind, her breath quickening. It's nice, her hesitant but eager movements, her warm mouth. Finally, we part, a grin on my face."You got yourself a consort."Luna's face lights up."Forsooth?""Forsooth."She prances around happily, glancing at me and grinning. Cute. Then she darts towards me and pecks me on the lips."A coltfriend! A consort!"She laughs joyfully, running circles around me in excitement. Yeah, I made the right choice. Finally, she settles back onto the divan, glancing at my face, and my crotch. I rub my cheek in bemusement."You know, it's funny. A lot of ponies expected me to get raped, but you've been remarkably well behaved."Luna blushes."I am not ignorant of the laws, Anonymous. E'en though I longed to mount thee from time to time, I would rather have thy cooperation. Twas a close thing, if I may speak with candor."I shrug."I am surprisingly sexy.""Indeed."She shifts a little on the divan."Whilst we are on the topic..."Celestia appears facing me, laying on her stomach. I blink."What?"Luna stares at me with fervent eyes."Rape her mouth. And call her a dirty whore."Huh."Really?"A mischievous gleam shines in Luna's eyes."If thou canst not withstand this mild perversion, that doth bode ill for thy suitability as my mate.""Fair enough."I strip out of my clothes slowly, keeping an eye on Luna's hungry expression. I turn to Celestia, my dick hardening in my hand."Suck my cock, you dirty whore."With that, I thrust into her mouth. Her eyes widen as I grip her horn and her mane, roughly pushing my dick further into her mouth. She makes muffled noises of protest, but her mouth is hot and moist, and too good to quit. I can hear Luna breathing heavily not too far away."Take it, sister. Thou art but a toy to my coltfriend!"I redouble my efforts, my cock grinding against her cheek, then her tongue. Luna moves to stand above her sister, her marehood dripping onto Celestia's head. I remove my hand from Celestia's mane and use it to finger Luna's pussy. She groans and leans into my touch, more marecum splattering into Celestia's mane. Sunbutt whimpers around my cock, marecum dripping down her forehead and across a closed eyelid. Her other eye stares at me pleadingly. Luna tosses her head in exultation."Cease thy violations, Anon. Sister dearest isn't worthy of thy seed. Nay, a far more fertile field lies above. Plow, fair Anonymous, and plant thy seed!"I pull out of Celestia's mouth, and I bring Luna's rear down in its place. I thrust into Luna's winking marehood, groaning at the glorious sensation. Then I feel a warm tongue licking at my balls, gathering what nectar courses from Luna's flower. Luna grins at me over her shoulder."Is not sister," hah, "a good attendant?" hah, "Such a greedy whore."Luna's heavy breathing is a bit more of a turn on than her weird sister issues, but I’m not complaining. I slap Luna's ass. I nod in agreement."Such a whore."Luna clenches around me, then her pussy resumes its rhythmic milking.  "Y-yes. Consort? Do that again."I slap her ass as I bury my dick deep within her. Luna groans, shivering with pleasure. She gasps, "Again!" Both of us are pretty close. I thrust in and out a few more times, building up momentum, then I hilt inside her throbbing, winking pussy. At the same time, I strike her rear with as much force as I can muster. Her marehood clenches hard as her legs buckle. We collapse together on top of Celestia, my cock firing again and again into the torrent of Luna's orgasm. Celestia lies docile beneath our twitching bodies, semen and marecum pooling between her shoulders.I wake up, only to find that Luna had mounted me in my sleep. I thought Celestia's mouth was too good earlier, and now I know why. Luna stirs a little from where she had collapsed on my chest."Hey."She smiles sleepily."Greetings.""Well, Rarity will be happy."Luna wakes up a little more."Pray, tell me the reason."“You raped my sleeping body. Now you have to marry me."Luna's eyes widen."Thou knowest of the custom?"I reach down and squeeze her ass."Yup. Now you're stuck with me."She wiggles a little."More aptly, I am stuck upon thee. Fortunate, therefore, that I would rather be nowhere else.""Forsooth?"She giggles."Forsooth."You are Anon, trying to unwind after a long week of applying for jobs. Your spare change sold for a lot to various coin collectors, so you bought a house and still have a decent amount left over. But it's been shrinking with your daily expenses. It's not there weren't jobs for beings without cutie marks, or at least without applicable cutie marks. But you aren't exactly eager to be a hayburger flipper, housekeeper, or call center drone.Caramel and Time Turner are true bros, but they can't really afford to hire a worker. What they can do is take you out for drinks, which is how you ended up in the Corn Hole. It's a decent bar, and their whiskey is pretty good. You still feel kinda ridiculous only wearing shorts and sandals, but it keeps the moral guardians happy. Silly backwards horses raise a fuss over the dumbest things.Caramel grins at Time Turner."I hear a certain pegasus has been dropping by more often, has she asked you out yet?"Turner blushes."Ditzy is a bit clumsy, she's just been breaking her alarm clock a lot recently. I'm sure she's not..."Caramel doesn't say anything, but his grin gets more smug by the second. Time Turner scowls halfheartedly."Shut up."Caramel shrugs."Didn't say anything."You look at the clockmaker."You know, you could just ask her out yourself, skip all this waiting and worrying."He slumps in his chair."I know, but... what if she really is just being clumsy?"You raise an eyebrow. "She's also a sweet and cute mare, from what I hear. Even if she does turn you down, she'll be nice about it."Time Turner frowns, but doesn't have a reply. Caramel sighs."She really ought to be the one to take the first step, but Anon's right too. If you want her, get her. Or at least put on a scarf when she comes by, give her a little eye candy to tempt her."Turner tilts his head."I do have that long scarf..."You roll your eyes and knock back the rest of your drink."I'm going to go get a refill, want anything?"The two stallions shake their heads. You get up and approach the bar."Another whiskey, please."The barmare nods and grabs a bottle. While she pours, a light gray mare with a pale yellow short cropped mane sidles up to you."Hey there, handsome. You've got the foalchasing legs to be a great model, interested?"You roll your eyes at the sleazy mare."Buzz off."She hops up on the stool next to you and shakes her head with a lopsided smile."Don't be so quick on the draw, colt. Word around town is that you're looking for work, and I can always use new talent at my modeling agency. My name's Easy Money, and my talent is helping folks get bits quick. Here's my card."You raise an eyebrow at her, but take the card and look at it.[Easy's House of House Call Modeling][8675 Leonine Street, Ponyville]"House call modeling?"Easy nods. "There's a lot of let's say, amateur artists, and it's hard for them to get a pony to pose for them, maybe put on a vest or something."You give her a flat look."Look, is this like, an erotic dancing gig or full on prostitution?"Her eyes go wide."No! Nononono, I'm a respectable businessmare, you pick out exactly what you are willing to put on beforehoof, and I got a tauress to go with you to keep the mares from taking liberties. You don't even have to put on socks if you don't want to."You blink. That... doesn't sound that bad, actually. You pocket the card. "I'll think about it."With that, you go back to your table and nurse your drink. Caramel and Turner exchange a glance. Caramel coughs."Look, you don't want to be a dresser, there's more respectable jobs out there for you, I'm sure of it."You shrug."I'm just thinking about it. What is so bad about it, so I have an idea of what I'd be getting into?"	Turner frowns."It's degrading, playing dress up for mares. And they like to stuff your pockets with bits to make them bulge obscenely."You raise your eyebrows."Is that all?"Caramel shifts uncomfortably."I knew a stallion who did it to pay his way through college. About half his marefriends broke up with him when they saw his sock collection."You frown, thinking of your own sock drawer."I'll keep that in mind."There clearly are costs to the job, but you think you can handle it. Besides, how bad can it be?The next day found you walking downtown, eyeing the storefronts. Some of them are clearly holdovers from when Ponyville was just some backwater town down the tracks from Canterlot. Others have the polished crystal displays and automatic doors that remind you of home. Easy's House of House Call Modeling splits the difference; brick walls, wide front windows looking in on a minimalist lobby. The building itself has several floors, which is more than you were expecting for such a sketchy sounding business.You open the door, a bell jingling to alert the stallion at the front desk. He adjusts his white collar and black bowtie and gives you his best professional smile."Welcome, how can I help you?"You fish the card out of your pocket and show it to him."Easy offered me a modeling job?"He looks you up and down and nods."I can see why. Wait just a sec, I'll call Stable Staple."He taps a few buttons on the landline phone and holds the receiver to his ear and smiles faintly at you."I'm Holding Line, by the way."You nod to him."Anonymous. Nice to meet you."He opens his mouth to reply then pauses."Stabes, Boss pulled in some new blood named Anonymous. Er, minotaur, I guess?"You clear your throat."Human, actually."Holding raises his eyebrows."Says he's a human. Never heard about that variant, maybe the girls know more."Holding Line shrugs and hangs up. He smiles at you."He'll be along in just a sec."You nod, for lack of a better reply. True to his word, a door to the side of the front desk opens and a bright red unicorn stallion trots out, shaking his jaw-length silver mane. Stable pauses at the sight of you, shrugs, then jerks his head towards the door."Come on in, let's get you situated."You follow him down a hallway into a locker room."We won't be sending you out the first  day, got to see what fits you, teach you some moves, finagle a schedule, that sort of thing."He pulls up by one of the open lockers and levitates the key from inside it to you."Keep track of this. We can make a copy if you lose it, and I have a master key if needed, but replacing it will come out of your wages."You pocket the key."Got it."Stable nods and heads towards the other door. It opens out into a large garage, a fleet of covered handcarts lined up in rows. Along the far wall is a milling crowd of female minotaurs, not a stitch of clothing among them. You can't help but stare. More than a few catch you looking, but they merely smile and wave. Stable clears his throat, eyeing you with a inscrutable expression."They're our security and transport personnel. You'll be assigned one for your first run, but it's up to you if you want to switch after that. They've been well trained, but you should still tell me immediately if one of them tries anything on you."You swallow."Right, will do."He shrugs, then leads you upstairs. The second floor is filled with racks of clothing and rolling bins. Stable looks you over with a frown."I'm not sure we have any tops or bottoms that fit you. Do you happen to have a wardrobe?"You scratch your cheek."I have a decent amount of shirts, pants and socks, if that's what you mean."He gives you a relieved smile."Perfect. Do bring those in as soon as you can, we'll need them for the promo photoshoot. Feel free to use the laundry facilities for your clothes, we've got the very best washers, dryers, and dry cleaners bits can buy."You raise your eyebrows, but upon reflection it makes sense. Dressers probably have to take very good care of their clothes. Stable tours you through the laundry area, showers, break room, studio and so on. You pass by a fair few guys, mostly stallions with a few griffs, d-dogs, and a buffalo. It's all a bit overwhelming, which your guide seems to sense. Stable smiles wryly."It's about lunch time anyways, let's take a break."You nod."Sounds good. Are there any good restaurants nearby? I forgot to bring lunch."He shrugs."A few, Pan&Posies is a good floral sandwich shop, S-Tart has cheap pastries, but we also have a lot of cherries, cheese, and bread in the break room for anypony to eat."As Stable enters the break room, he opens the fridge and cabinets with his magic. You expected loaves of bread and bricks of cheddar, but there's also bagels, rolls, pepperjack, smoked gouda..."I can't imagine it would be cheap to stock all of this."The manager smirks."The benefit of good customer relations. Work here long enough and you'll end up on one of the milk runs sooner or later."You settle for a bagel, cream cheese, and a handful of cherries. Stable Staple grabs a bowl of salad and a cupcake from the fridge and sits down by a table. After a few bites, you have to ask."How'd you get into this business? I doubt it was a bar-side pickup."Stable laughs."Close enough. I used to manage a troupe of actors, booking theaters, commissioning major props and backgrounds, all sorts of things."He nibbles at the cupcake, a faraway look in his eyes."It was a lot of work, and we did some great performances."You frown in concern."What happened?""Ulcers. Herding cats is a cakewalk compared to the rampant whimsy and narcissism of twelve stallions who are each convinced that they need to be the lead role just this once, just in case a scout is watching this performance, and maybe they should be allowed to wear socks even if the character never would... Keeping a lid on all of that was more stress than I could stomach."You nod your head."I could see that. So that's when Easy came around?"Stable smiles."Pretty much. See, she had been a regular, recruiting for this place. Then the Hearth's Warming play ended in a massive catfight on stage... So I was hitting the cider at the after party and Easy makes her pitch. She'd been lining up potential dressers, but she needed a male manager to make them feel safer about the whole business."You shrug."She does have a pretty sketchy aura."He nods."I've talked to her about that, but she insists that it's better they get suspicious first and get pleasantly surprised. Something about gap mow eh, whatever that is."The two of you finish off your lunches as you think about what Stable said. At the end of the day, it still seems like a sketchy business, but male management does make it seem safer.The next couple of days go by fast, practicing the moves, getting a crash course in what mares like to look at, and taking pictures of you in your various outfits. It seems they upload the photos to their horsenet site and the clients use them to select a model and theme. Speaking of, today is the day you finally start working.Stable leads you to the covered cart you'll be riding in. A blue-grey tauress loads your suitcase into the cart bed and turns to you. Stable smiles."Anon, this is Cobalt Composure, she'll be your chauffeur for this run."Cobalt nods towards you stoically. You nod back, trying and failing to not look at her chest. Stable pats your shoulder and wanders off. You laugh awkwardly."So, uh, nice to meet you."She sighs."I would appreciate it if you did not stare. I know I am lacking, no need to rub it in."You blink."Lacking? You've got a good two handfuls!"Cobalt snorts. 	"Maybe for your pygmy hands, but... ah, how big do cows of your kind get?"You shrug."Not sure about the exact average, but probably somewhere between half and two thirds of your chest. Not to mention that you're bigger in general."She raises her eyebrows."Truly? You really are a pygmy."You roll your eyes and climb into the cart, Cobalt zipping up the back after you."I'm normal for a human, thank you very much."She huffs in amusement and ducks under the spar of the handcart and starts pushing. You settle on your cushion as your ride eases forward. The cover of the cart is a bit like a cross between a camping tent and a jeep cover, with an open front and a canopy stretched out over Cobalt Composure. Passing ponies glance at you, scandalized, knowing, or curious. You feel jittery, looking forward to and dreading actually performing for customers. Before you know it, you're talking again."Don't your tits get sore from bouncing around?"Cobalt shrugs."If I'm running, sure. I can walk like this for hours without feeling it, though.""Huh."Maybe they have stronger ligaments or something? She coughs."You have a lot of clothes from your own wardrobe, have you dressed before?"You scratch your cheek as the cart trundles onward."Not in the sense you're thinking of. Back home, clothing is a lot more common."Cobalt quietly moos at that."I would like to see that, sometime."You sigh."Me too. Once Twilight figures out how to portal back, I'll show you around."She stumbles."Portal?"The tauress stops and turns to look at you in wonder."Then you really are a human, from the land of salt and honey!"You blink."Uh, Utah? No, I'm a human from Ohio, land of soybeans and corn."Cobalt runs a hand through her short-cropped hair."I can't believe I am carrying the kin of the Allfather!"She glances at your suitcase."Or that he would be a dresser, of all things."You shrug."Man's gotta eat. Speaking of dressing, we should probably keep going. I don't want to be late for my first gig."That seems to snap her out of it, and she grabs the bar and starts pushing the cart at a trot. Cobalt shakes her head and mutters to herself. For your part, you...feel alright, actually. Sure, there is some weird cultural stuff going on, but it's not something you have to worry about. Not much later, Cobalt comes to a stop by the Carousel Boutique, propping up the spars with a notched plank of wood.Considering the client is Rarity, Stable is starting you off easy. Goodness knows she's seen you in all sorts of states of dress. Makes you wonder why she even paid for the service, but maybe it's a business thing with Easy Money. Cobalt unzips the back, grabs your suitcase, and gives you a hand down out of the cart. You follow her to the door and take a deep breath. Cobalt opens it with a jingle and takes a right.You step through to find the shop floor cleared of marrequines and clothing racks. Instead, there's streamers, a cake on the table, Rarity approaching with a smile, Pinkie grinning, and Applejack facehoofing. Rarity kisses your hand while Cobalt start setting up."It's an absolute pleasure to see you again, Anonymous. We were just wishing Applejack a very happy birthday, shall we see if you can make that wish come true?"You grin."I'll do what I can."Applejack sighs."Ah shoulda known it'd end up like this."You swagger up to her the way they taught you, slightly bow legged, the bulge in your shorts prominently displayed."I should thank you, Applejack."Her eyes dart between your crotch and your face."And why is that?"You run your hands down your chest and smooth out your shorts."I realize now that you were right, I shouldn't have been prancing around in public dressed to the nines."You slip your hands in your pockets, visibly moving them towards your inner thigh."I should have been doing it in private, for very special mares."She swallows, unable to look away from your crotch."Ah- that's-"Pinkie whoops."That's right! Pet that trouser snake!"You wink at her and whirl around, shimmying back towards Cobalt and the table with the three outfits you brought. You unfasten your shorts and let them drop. Rarity hums in appreciation for your boxers. You pick up the white dress shirt and turn around while the mares watch you with hungry eyes as you slip an arm into each sleeve. You roll your stomach in a sinuous motion as you button down from the top. Turning back around, you grab your black dress pants and step into them. You bend over as you pull them up, looking over your shoulder to wink at Applejack.She swallows as she meets your gaze. You pick up your dress shoes and set them in front of a chair, which you then sit in with your legs wide open. You maintain eye contact with the apple matriarch as you zip up your pants. She licks her lips and you can see the cushion of her chair crumple under her forehooves. You close your legs and draw one up to your chest as you fish a sock from inside your shoe. The two earth ponies blush furiously as you slowly pull it onto your foot. Rarity merely leans forward with an interested expression. As you put on the rest of your suit, you are flattered to see that even she has a dusting of red on her cheeks. As you tie your tie, you affect an air of nonchalance. 	"You know, my mother always insisted my father wear something like this to formal events."Applejack dabs at her forehead with a handkerchief."That poor stallion..."Pinkie shifts uncomfortably."Socks and all?"You nod seriously. Rarity smirks."A mare's mare, no doubt."You get up and swagger to her, smoothing down your tie."She used to joke that this way, she always had a leash on him. Wanna give it a tug?"Rarity grins, her magic gently but firmly pulling your tie until your face is a scant inch from hers. You deliberately blow on her snout. Instantly, her magic fails and she rocks back in her chair, face cherry red. As you straighten, she doesn't meet your gaze, fanning herself. "My my, Darling, but you are a deliciously naughty colt, aren't you?"You boop her. 	"Guilty as charged."You head back to Cobalt and shuck off your coat and tie. She hangs them up as you pick up the apron and pass the loop over your head. You saunter over to Pinkie Pie, an innocent smile on your face."Say, could you tie this for me? It's so hard to reach back there."She nods vigorously."Hehe, sure thing! Back those buns my way and let Mama Pinkie show you how it's done~"You obligingly turn around and back up into her personal space. She makes a perverted giggle as you feel the straps of your apron tighten around your midsection."Mmm, nice and tight, just how I like my mares."Pinkie shivers a little in anticipation."All done! Now give mama some sugar!"You chuckle."Of course."You bump your butt against her chest, gently knocking her back and shifting her posture in just the right way. You lower your butt and feel two soft, warm mounds press against it. Pinkie squeaks. You gyrate your rump on her lap, squishing, rubbing, and brushing her teats."Anon, wait-"You ignore her, grinning at the hardening nubs you can feel dragging against the smooth fabric of your pants. Pinkie squirms, her voice an octave higher."Anon, those are my nips!"You give her a few more gyrations, then you turn around and kneel in front of her."Oh, that's what that was? I'm so sorry, did I hurt you? Let me kiss it better."Ponka stares at you, her chest heaving and her chair glistening between her legs. You lean down and kiss her right nipple, letting your lips linger on it, then her left, ending with a slight bit of suction. She moans, her hips bucking instinctively. You smile up at her."Is that better?"She bites her lip, then pants out a faint, "Yeppers."You rise to your feet and head back to Cobalt for the last time, stripping down to your socks and boxers. You put on a bit of a show as you change into shorts and a polo shirt, but they're not the key to your grand finale. You turn and face the thoroughly hot and bothered mares. Then slip your sock-covered feet into your sandals.Rarity slowly begins to scrunch. Pinkie Pie tilts her head. But Applejack, she just stares at you like she just achieved nirvana. You put on sunglasses and crack open a can of cider. You take a long slurp as you approach the birthday mare. Meanwhile, Rarity is starting to have a fit."Nononono, socks DO NOT go with sandals! Darling, you need to change into something more erotic, not-"You tune her out as you straddle Applejack's lap. She bites her lip, her hooves settling on your hips."Anon, Ah-"You take another slurp of cider as you start grinding your erection against her belly. Her eyes glaze over, her hips instinctively bucking and roiling under you."Oh mah stars, Anon-"You lean down and whisper in her ear."Haha, fashion horse go brrrrrr."Applejack convulses and cries out, "Muh appuls!" You ride out her orgasm, then tip back her hat to lay a smooch on her forehead. You get up and sashay out the door, Cobalt already packing up. You lean against the wagon and breath in the cool night air.That was a rush! The feeling of having those mares at your mercy, trembling and aching at your touch~ Not to mention the satisfaction of reducing Applejack to a drooling mess after all the times she lectured you about modesty. To be fair, she was right about you being a "stallion of loose morals". As you come down from your excitement, you feel your belly and leg muscles ache a little. All that twerking and grinding is harder work than you thought....What's taking Cobalt so long? About ten minutes later, she finally emerges from the boutique, carrying your suitcase and a bag of bits that looks like an overstuffed pillowcase. You take a few nervous steps forward."So, uh, how did I do?"Cobalt Composure looks at you in mild consternation." 'How did I do', he says."She heaves her burdens into the cart and turns to you. You smile weakly. She runs a hand through her short-cropped hair and sighs."First things first, that amount of contact with clients is... excessive."You rub your cheek nervously."Will I get in trouble for that?"Cobalt shakes her head."It's not illegal, exactly, but Easy, Stable, and everypony else who has authority over you has to be able to testify under truth serum that we didn't encourage you in any way to touch mares inappropriately."You blink."Oh."She snorts."It also makes my job harder, when mares take it as an invitation to cross lines too. So, I would appreciate it if you didn't."You nod seriously."Understood. Aside from that..."Cobalt smacks the sack of bits."Second, give the mares opportunities to slip bits into your pockets. That means slowing down your routine and not blowing their minds with your lewd whimsy. There have been dressers who rushed through the show and got almost no tips whatsoever. You're lucky the mares tonight were wealthy and happy."Looks like two wrongs made a right this time, but that's not the sort of thing you should repeat."Won't let it happen again."She looks you in the eye for a long moment, then nods in acknowledgment."Third... you're a moon-banished natural at this, most rookies can't even manage dirty talk, let alone lap dances."You grin."Really?"Cobalt bites her lip and shivers."You put on quite a show, Anon. Puts a new perspective on some of the writings of the Allmother."You climb into the wagon with a happy chuckle."Glad I could bring religious enlightenment to you."She grumbles under her breath as she ducks under the spars of the wagon. Your chauffeur grabs the notched plank and puts it away, then heaves on the pull bar. The cart rolls forward into the night. You can't help but notice a glistening between Cobalt's legs as the moonlight shines upon her. All things considered, you didn't think you'd find your calling as a dresser, but you doubt you could have so much fun in any other job....You really want to make this stoic tauress moo out loud. Just, get up all in her business and coax a nice reaction out of her. In retrospect, getting all hot and bothered yourself on the job was a mistake. You growl in frustration. First things first, when you get back, you'll have to check the policy on workplace romances and whatnot. Until then, you'll just have to content yourself with staring at her sweet ass....First things first, you'll relieve your boner in a bathroom stall, then look up policy. Ugh, you love this job and you hate it.You are Cobalt Composure, and you are practically bathing in the scent of human arousal. You want to moo so bad, but you are a professional. You will get your charge to the agency, deposit his earnings, help hang up his clothes, walk him home, and then and only then will you lay your hands upon him and moo until he can hear nothing else. Ugh, you love this job and you hate it.I am Anon, trying to unwind after a long week of applying for jobs. my spare change sold for a lot to various coin collectors, so I bought a house and still have a decent amount left over. But it's been shrinking with my daily expenses. It's not there weren't jobs for beings without cutie marks, or at least without applicable cutie marks. But I'm not exactly eager to be a hayburger flipper, housekeeper, or call center drone.Caramel and Time Turner are true bros, but they can't really afford to hire a worker. What they can do is take me out for drinks, which is how I ended up in the Corn Hole. It's a decent bar, and their whiskey is pretty good. I still feel kinda ridiculous only wearing shorts and sandals, but it keeps the moral guardians happy. Silly backwards horses raise a fuss over the dumbest things.Caramel grins at Time Turner."I hear a certain pegasus has been dropping by more often, has she asked you out yet?"Turner blushes."Ditzy is a bit clumsy, she's just been breaking her alarm clock a lot recently. I'm sure she's not..."Caramel doesn't say anything, but his grin gets more smug by the second. Time Turner scowls halfheartedly."Shut up."Caramel shrugs."Didn't say anything."I look at the clockmaker."You know, you could just ask her out yourself, skip all this waiting and worrying."He slumps in his chair."I know, but... what if she really is just being clumsy?"I raise an eyebrow. "She's also a sweet and cute mare, from what I hear. Even if she does turn you down, she'll be nice about it."Time Turner frowns, but doesn't have a reply. Caramel sighs."She really ought to be the one to take the first step, but Anon's right too. If you want her, get her. Or at least put on a scarf when she comes by, give her a little eye candy to tempt her."Turner tilts his head."I do have that long scarf..."I roll my eyes and knock back the rest of my drink."I'm going to go get a refill, want anything?"The two stallions shake their heads. I get up and approach the bar."Another whiskey, please."The barmare nods and grabs a bottle. While she pours, a light gray mare with a pale yellow short cropped mane sidles up to me."Hey there, handsome. You've got the foalchasing legs to be a great model, interested?"I roll my eyes at the sleazy mare."Buzz off."She hops up on the stool next to me and shakes her head with a lopsided smile."Don't be so quick on the draw, colt. Word around town is that you're looking for work, and I can always use new talent at my modeling agency. My name's Easy Money, and my talent is helping folks get bits quick. Here's my card."I raise an eyebrow at her, but take the card and look at it.[Easy's House of House Call Modeling][8675 Leonine Street, Ponyville]"House call modeling?"Easy nods. "There's a lot of let's say, amateur artists, and it's hard for them to get a pony to pose for them, maybe put on a vest or something."I give her a flat look."Look, is this like, an erotic dancing gig or full on prostitution?"Her eyes go wide."No! Nononono, I'm a respectable businessmare, you pick out exactly what you are willing to put on beforehoof, and I got a tauress to go with you to keep the mares from taking liberties. You don't even have to put on socks if you don't want to."I blink. That... doesn't sound that bad, actually. I pocket the card. "I'll think about it."With that, I go back to my table and nurse my drink. Caramel and Trner exchange a glance. Caramel coughs."Look, you don't want to be a dresser, there's more respectable jobs out there for you, I'm sure of it."I shrug."I'm just thinking about it. What is so bad about it, so I have an idea of what I'd be getting into?"	Turner frowns."It's degrading, playing dress up for mares. And they like to stuff your pockets with bits to make them bulge obscenely."I raise my eyebrows."Is that all?"Caramel shifts uncomfortably."I knew a stallion who did it to pay his way through college. About half his marefriends broke up with him when they saw his sock collection."I frown, thinking of my own sock drawer."I'll keep that in mind."There clearly are costs to the job, but I think I can handle it. Besides, how bad can it be?The next day found me walking downtown, eyeing the storefronts. Some of them are clearly holdovers from when Ponyville was just some backwater town down the tracks from Canterlot. Others have the polished crystal displays and automatic doors that remind me of home. Easy's House of House Call Modeling splits the difference; brick walls, wide front windows looking in on a minimalist lobby. The building itself has several floors, which is more than I was expecting for such a sketchy sounding business.I open the door, a bell jingling to alert the stallion at the front desk. He adjusts his white collar and black bowtie and gives me his best professional smile."Welcome, how can I help you?"I fish the card out of my pocket and show it to him."Easy offered me a modeling job?"He looks me up and down and nods."I can see why. Wait just a sec, I'll call Stable Staple."He taps a few buttons on the landline phone and holds the receiver to his ear and smiles faintly at me."I'm Holding Line, by the way."I nod to him."Anonymous. Nice to meet you."He opens his mouth to reply then pauses."Stabes, Boss pulled in some new blood named Anonymous. Er, minotaur, I guess?"I clear my throat."Human, actually."Holding raises his eyebrows."Says he's a human. Never heard about that variant, maybe the girls know more."Holding Line shrugs and hangs up. He smiles at me."He'll be along in just a sec."I nod, for lack of a better reply. True to his word, a door to the side of the front desk opens and a bright red unicorn stallion trots out, shaking his jaw-length silver mane. Stable pauses at the sight of me, shrugs, then jerks his head towards the door."Come on in, let's get you situated."I follow him down a hallway into a locker room."We won't be sending you out the first  day, got to see what fits you, teach you some moves, finagle a schedule, that sort of thing."He pulls up by one of the open lockers and levitates the key from inside it to me."Keep track of this. We can make a copy if you lose it, and I have a master key if needed, but replacing it will come out of your wages."I pocket the key."Got it."Stable nods and heads towards the other door. It opens out into a large garage, a fleet of covered handcarts lined up in rows. Along the far wall is a milling crowd of female minotaurs, not a stitch of clothing among them. I can't help but stare. More than a few catch me looking, but they merely smile and wave. Stable clears his throat, eyeing me with a inscrutable expression."They're our security and transport personnel. You'll be assigned one for your first run, but it's up to you if you want to switch after that. They've been well trained, but you should still tell me immediately if one of them tries anything on you."I swallow."Right, will do."He shrugs, then leads me upstairs. The second floor is filled with racks of clothing and rolling bins. Stable looks me over with a frown."I'm not sure we have any tops or bottoms that fit you. Do you happen to have a wardrobe?"I scratch my cheek."I have a decent amount of shirts, pants and socks, if that's what you mean."He gives me a relieved smile."Perfect. Do bring those in as soon as you can, we'll need them for the promo photoshoot. Feel free to use the laundry facilities for your clothes, we've got the very best washers, dryers, and dry cleaners bits can buy."I raise my eyebrows, but upon reflection it makes sense. Dressers probably have to take very good care of their clothes. Stable tours me through the laundry area, showers, break room, studio and so on. I pass by a fair few guys, mostly stallions with a few griffs, d-dogs, and a buffalo. It's all a bit overwhelming, which my guide seems to sense. Stable smiles wryly."It's about lunch time anyways, let's take a break."I nod."Sounds good. Are there any good restaurants nearby? I forgot to bring lunch."He shrugs."A few, Pan&Posies is a good floral sandwich shop, S-Tart has cheap pastries, but we also have a lot of cherries, cheese, and bread in the break room for anypony to eat."As Stable enters the break room, he opens the fridge and cabinets with his magic. I expected loaves of bread and bricks of cheddar, but there's also bagels, rolls, pepperjack, smoked gouda..."I can't imagine it would be cheap to stock all of this."The manager smirks."The benefit of good customer relations. Work here long enough and you'll end up on one of the milk runs sooner or later."I settle for a bagel, cream cheese, and a handful of cherries. Stable Staple grabs a bowl of salad and a cupcake from the fridge and sits down by a table. After a few bites, I have to ask."How'd you get into this business? I doubt it was a bar-side pickup."Stable laughs."Close enough. I used to manage a troupe of actors, booking theaters, commissioning major props and backgrounds, all sorts of things."He nibbles at the cupcake, a faraway look in his eyes."It was a lot of work, and we did some great performances."I frown in concern."What happened?""Ulcers. Herding cats is a cakewalk compared to the rampant whimsy and narcissism of twelve stallions who are each convinced that they need to be the lead role just this once, just in case a scout is watching this performance, and maybe they should be allowed to wear socks even if the character never would... Keeping a lid on all of that was more stress than I could stomach."I nod my head."I could see that. So that's when Easy came around?"Stable smiles."Pretty much. See, she had been a regular, recruiting for this place. Then the Hearth's Warming play ended in a massive catfight on stage... So I was hitting the cider at the after party and Easy makes her pitch. She'd been lining up potential dressers, but she needed a male manager to make them feel safer about the whole business."I shrug."She does have a pretty sketchy aura."He nods."I've talked to her about that, but she insists that it's better they get suspicious first and get pleasantly surprised. Something about gap mow eh, whatever that is."The two of us finish off our lunches as I think about what Stable said. At the end of the day, it still seems like a sketchy business, but male management does make it seem safer.The next couple of days go by fast, practicing the moves, getting a crash course in what mares like to look at, and taking pictures of me in my various outfits. It seems they upload the photos to their horsenet site and the clients use them to select a model and theme. Speaking of, today is the day I finally start working.Stable leads me to the covered cart I'll be riding in. A blue-grey tauress loads my suitcase into the cart bed and turns to me. Stable smiles."Anon, this is Cobalt Composure, she'll be your chauffeur for this run."Cobalt nods towards me stoically. I nod back, trying and failing to not look at her chest. Stable pats my shoulder and wanders off. I laugh awkwardly."So, uh, nice to meet you."She sighs."I would appreciate it if you did not stare. I know I am lacking, no need to rub it in."I blink."Lacking? You've got a good two handfuls!"Cobalt snorts. 	"Maybe for your pygmy hands, but... ah, how big do cows of your kind get?"I shrug."Not sure about the exact average, but probably somewhere between half and two thirds of your chest. Not to mention that you're bigger in general."She raises her eyebrows."Truly? You really are a pygmy."I roll my eyes and climb into the cart, Cobalt zipping up the back after me."I'm normal for a human, thank you very much."She huffs in amusement and ducks under the spar of the handcart and starts pushing. I settle on my cushion as my ride eases forward. The cover of the cart is a bit like a cross between a camping tent and a jeep cover, with an open front and a canopy stretched out over Cobalt Composure. Passing ponies glance at me, scandalized, knowing, or curious. I feel jittery, looking forward to and dreading actually performing for customers. Before I know it, I'm talking again."Don't your tits get sore from bouncing around?"Cobalt shrugs."If I'm running, sure. I can walk like this for hours without feeling it, though.""Huh."Maybe they have stronger ligaments or something? She coughs."You have a lot of clothes from your own wardrobe, have you dressed before?"I scratch my cheek as the cart trundles onward."Not in the sense you're thinking of. Back home, clothing is a lot more common."Cobalt quietly moos at that."I would like to see that, sometime."I sigh."Me too. Once Twilight figures out how to portal back, I'll show you around."She stumbles."Portal?"The tauress stops and turns to look at me in wonder."Then you really are a human, from the land of salt and honey!"I blink."Uh, Utah? No, I'm a human from Ohio, land of soybeans and corn."Cobalt runs a hand through her short-cropped hair."I can't believe I am carrying the kin of the Allfather!"She glances at my suitcase."Or that he would be a dresser, of all things."I shrug."Man's gotta eat. Speaking of dressing, we should probably keep going. I don't want to be late for my first gig."That seems to snap her out of it, and she grabs the bar and starts pushing the cart at a trot. Cobalt shakes her head and mutters to herself. For my part, I...feel alright, actually. Sure, there is some weird cultural stuff going on, but it's not something I have to worry about. Not much later, Cobalt comes to a stop by the Carousel Boutique, propping up the spars with a notched plank of wood.Considering the client is Rarity, Stable is starting me off easy. Goodness knows she's seen me in all sorts of states of dress. Makes me wonder why she even paid for the service, but maybe it's a business thing with Easy Money. Cobalt unzips the back, grabs my suitcase, and gives me a hand down out of the cart. I follow her to the door and take a deep breath. Cobalt opens it with a jingle and takes a right.I step through to find the shop floor cleared of marrequines and clothing racks. Instead, there's streamers, a cake on the table, Rarity approaching with a smile, Pinkie grinning, and Applejack facehoofing. Rarity kisses my hand while Cobalt start setting up."It's an absolute pleasure to see you again, Anonymous. We were just wishing Applejack a very happy birthday, shall we see if you can make that wish come true?"I grin."I'll do what I can."Applejack sighs."Ah shoulda known it'd end up like this."I swagger up to her the way they taught me, slightly bow legged, the bulge in my shorts prominently displayed."I should thank you, Applejack."Her eyes dart between my crotch and my face."And why is that?"I run my hands down my chest and smooth out my shorts."I realize now that you were right, I shouldn't have been prancing around in public dressed to the nines."I slip my hands in my pockets, visibly moving them towards my inner thigh."I should have been doing it in private, for very special mares."She swallows, unable to look away from my crotch."Ah- that's-"Pinkie whoops."That's right! Pet that trouser snake!"I wink at her and whirl around, shimmying back towards Cobalt and the table with the three outfits I brought. I unfasten my shorts and let them drop. Rarity hums in appreciation for my boxers. I pick up the white dress shirt and turn around while the mares watch me with hungry eyes as I slip an arm into each sleeve. I roll my stomach in a sinuous motion as I button down from the top. Turning back around, I grab my black dress pants and step into them. I bend over as I pull them up, looking over my shoulder to wink at Applejack.She swallows as she meets my gaze. I pick up my dress shoes and set them in front of a chair, which I then sit in with my legs wide open. I maintain eye contact with the apple matriarch as I zip up my pants. She licks her lips and I can see the cushion of her chair crumple under her forehooves. I close my legs and draw one up to my chest as I fish a sock from inside my shoe. The two earth ponies blush furiously as I slowly pull it onto my foot. Rarity merely leans forward with an interested expression. As I put on the rest of my suit, I am flattered to see that even she has a dusting of red on her cheeks. As I tie my tie, I affect an air of nonchalance. 	"You know, my mother always insisted my father wear something like this to formal events."Applejack dabs at her forehead with a handkerchief."That poor stallion..."Pinkie shifts uncomfortably."Socks and all?"I nod seriously. Rarity smirks."A mare's mare, no doubt."I get up and swagger to her, smoothing down my tie."She used to joke that this way, she always had a leash on him. Wanna give it a tug?"Rarity grins, her magic gently but firmly pulling my tie until my face is a scant inch from hers. I deliberately blow on her snout. Instantly, her magic fails and she rocks back in her chair, face cherry red. As I straighten, she doesn't meet my gaze, fanning herself. "My my, Darling, but you are a deliciously naughty colt, aren't you?"I boop her. 	"Guilty as charged."I head back to Cobalt and shuck off my coat and tie. She hangs them up as I pick up the apron and pass the loop over my head. I saunter over to Pinkie Pie, an innocent smile on my face."Say, could you tie this for me? It's so hard to reach back there."She nods vigorously."Hehe, sure thing! Back those buns my way and let Mama Pinkie show you how it's done~"I obligingly turn around and back up into her personal space. She makes a perverted giggle as I feel the straps of my apron tighten around my midsection."Mmm, nice and tight, just how I like my mares."Pinkie shivers a little in anticipation."All done! Now give mama some sugar!"I chuckle."Of course."I bump my butt against her chest, gently knocking her back and shifting her posture in just the right way. I lower my butt and feel two soft, warm mounds press against it. Pinkie squeaks. I gyrate my rump on her lap, squishing, rubbing, and brushing her teats."Anon, wait-"I ignore her, grinning at the hardening nubs I can feel dragging against the smooth fabric of my pants. Pinkie squirms, her voice an octave higher."Anon, those are my nips!"I give her a few more gyrations, then I turn around and kneel in front of her."Oh, that's what that was? I'm so sorry, did I hurt you? Let me kiss it better."Ponka stares at me, her chest heaving and her chair glistening between her legs. I lean down and kiss her right nipple, letting my lips linger on it, then her left, ending with a slight bit of suction. She moans, her hips bucking instinctively. I smile up at her."Is that better?"She bites her lip, then pants out a faint, "Yeppers."I rise to my feet and head back to Cobalt for the last time, stripping down to my socks and boxers. I put on a bit of a show as I change into shorts and a polo shirt, but they're not the key to my grand finale. I turn and face the thoroughly hot and bothered mares. Then slip my sock-covered feet into my sandals.Rarity slowly begins to scrunch. Pinkie Pie tilts her head. But Applejack, she just stares at me like she just achieved nirvana. I put on sunglasses and crack open a can of cider. I take a long slurp as I approach the birthday mare. Meanwhile, Rarity is starting to have a fit."Nononono, socks DO NOT go with sandals! Darling, you need to change into something more erotic, not-"I tune her out as I straddle Applejack's lap. She bites her lip, her hooves settling on my hips."Anon, Ah-"I take another slurp of cider as I start grinding my erection against her belly. Her eyes glaze over, her hips instinctively bucking and roiling under me."Oh mah stars, Anon-"I lean down and whisper in her ear."Haha, fashion horse go brrrrrr."Applejack convulses and cries out, "Muh appuls!" I ride out her orgasm, then tip back her hat to lay a smooch on her forehead. I get up and sashay out the door, Cobalt already packing up. I lean against the wagon and breath in the cool night air.That was a rush! The feeling of having those mares at my mercy, trembling and aching at my touch~ Not to mention the satisfaction of reducing Applejack to a drooling mess after all the times she lectured me about modesty. To be fair, she was right about me being a "stallion of loose morals". As I come down from my excitement, I feel my belly and leg muscles ache a little. All that twerking and grinding is harder work than I thought....What's taking Cobalt so long? About ten minutes later, she finally emerges from the boutique, carrying my suitcase and a bag of bits that looks like an overstuffed pillowcase. I take a few nervous steps forward."So, uh, how did I do?"Cobalt Composure looks at me in mild consternation." 'How did I do', he says."She heaves her burdens into the cart and turns to me. I smile weakly. She runs a hand through her short-cropped hair and sighs."First things first, that amount of contact with clients is... excessive."I rub my cheek nervously."Will I get in trouble for that?"Cobalt shakes her head."It's not illegal, exactly, but Easy, Stable, and everypony else who has authority over you has to be able to testify under truth serum that we didn't encourage you in any way to touch mares inappropriately."I blink."Oh."She snorts."It also makes my job harder, when mares take it as an invitation to cross lines too. So, I would appreciate it if you didn't."I nod seriously."Understood. Aside from that..."Cobalt smacks the sack of bits."Second, give the mares opportunities to slip bits into your pockets. That means slowing down your routine and not blowing their minds with your lewd whimsy. There have been dressers who rushed through the show and got almost no tips whatsoever. You're lucky the mares tonight were wealthy and happy."Looks like two wrongs made a right this time, but that's not the sort of thing I should repeat."Won't let it happen again."She looks me in the eye for a long moment, then nods in acknowledgment."Third... you're a moon-banished natural at this, most rookies can't even manage dirty talk, let alone lap dances."I grin."Really?"Cobalt bites her lip and shivers."You put on quite a show, Anon. Puts a new perspective on some of the writings of the Allmother."I climb into the wagon with a happy chuckle."Glad I could bring religious enlightenment to you."She grumbles under her breath as she ducks under the spars of the wagon. my chauffeur grabs the notched plank and puts it away, then heaves on the pull bar. The cart rolls forward into the night. I can't help but notice a glistening between Cobalt's legs as the moonlight shines upon her. All things considered, I didn't think I'd find my calling as a dresser, but I doubt I could have so much fun in any other job....I really want to make this stoic tauress moo out loud. Just, get up all in her business and coax a nice reaction out of her. In retrospect, getting all hot and bothered myself on the job was a mistake. I growl in frustration. First things first, when I get back, I'll have to check the policy on workplace romances and whatnot. Until then, I'll just have to content myself with staring at her sweet ass....First things first, I'll relieve my boner in a bathroom stall, then look up policy. Ugh, I love this job and I hate it.I am Cobalt Composure, and I am practically bathing in the scent of human arousal. I want to moo so bad, but I am a professional. I will get my charge to the agency, deposit his earnings, help hang up his clothes, walk him home, and then and only then will I lay my hands upon him and moo until he can hear nothing else. Ugh, I love this job and I hate it."Just lay back, take those pants off, and let Pinkie have some fun with you, cutie~." Pinkie Pie whispers in your ear, her voice unusually deep and sultry.The cute, smiling pink horse just requested this of you after a good hour of flirty conversation ended you up in her bedroom. You comply, having not gotten laid in a while. And she was cute, so it couldn't hurt to try. Pinkie watches you with sensual intent as you lay back on her soft mattress and unbuckle your jeans. She hops up on top of you and slides them down. Pinkie huffs, biting her lip as she peers at your fat underwear bulge. She leans in and gives it a deep sniff, shuddering at your scent. She plants a small kiss on your clothed privates, before grabbing onto your underwear with her teeth and pulling the fabric down where your pants are sitting. Pinkie lets out a lustful gasp as she stares at your 9-inch, throbbing, sweaty, erect human cock, now uncovered and standing proud. Drool starts dripping down her chin, the pony almost hypnotized by the sight of your penis."Oh, goodness! You left me a real treat, huh? Looks so... y-yummy~"Pinkie lets out a cute giggle as she gets her face underneath your cock, muzzle squished against your fat musky smelling ballsack. Pinkie takes a big, deep whiff of that sweaty cock, the masculine scent overtaking her nostrils, making her start to drool. You could see her tail start wagging as moans at you and laughs like a mischievous filly. Pinkie was no filly however, which she shows to you as she slowly opens her mouth wide, steamy breaths pouring out of it, a long slimy, spit covered tongue rolling out."Aaaahhh~"She quickly gobbles up your nuts, swirling that long tongue around them, making sure they got plenty of attention first. Her mouth feels so warm and comfy around you, like you were inside a moving, super moist oven. You tilt your head back and groan as she lets out hungry, slutty gulping noises around your balls, letting them slide down her tongue and hit her in the back of the throat. She does 5 times in a row, just to pleasure you even more.You finally feel Pinkie pull her mouth off your sack and grab hold of that juicy looking cock, eager to swallow it. You look back down at her drool covered face, those big blue eyes lidded and filled with hunger and lust. She licks her muzzle and opens up wide again. She moans like a dirty whore as she plaps your cockhead on her sloppy tongue, giving your musky rod a good taste first. You groan loudly as she finally noms around that dick, her plush, juicy pink lips massaging you. Pinkie bobs her head up and down on your crotch, taking more and more of that delicious cock inside her maw. She sloppily slurps over it, cheeks and tongue moving wildly and squeezing the sides of your length. Spit was pouring from her lips like rain onto your crotch, as the baker got messier and louder around your shaft."M-MMPHHH!!"Pinkie Pie keeps her eyes on you as she suck you even deeper, taking 3 of your 9 inches down her warm, tight pony throat. You gasp in amazement as your legs twitch and twist. You've never had deepthroat like this in your life. The delicate way Pinkie's head moved up and down your cock, while still slurping on you wild and sloppy. Everything about Pinkie was perfect. The amount of spit she was using. The softness of that long tongue. It was all perfect. Those sloppy sucking sounds were driving you crazy, too. You grab onto that pink fuzzy mane and start fucking her face like crazy, saliva drooling from her lips as she devours your massive cock. The pony's throat is silky and warm, hugging your cock lovingly as you slide down it. Pinkie can barely breathe as you viciously throatfuck her like the nasty, cock-hungry, cumdump slut that she was. She wraps her hooves around your waist as you thrust your cock deep down into that slimy throat. She could taste every inch of you, that musky meaty flavor ingrained on her taste buds. Tears of joy were running down her face. Drool and mucus was everywhere, the whimpers and violent gags coming from the party loving pony only making you facefuck her faster, gripping the mattress. "M-MMPHHH~!!!!"The look in Pinkie's eyes told you she wanted your cum to fill up her stomach. She wanted it so bad. You were happy to grant her wish, grabbing her ears and speeding up your thrusts. You feel Pinkie's cartoonishly long tongue wrap around your entire shaft like a fleshlight. You grit your teeth and finally hilt your cock in her hungry throat, letting the desperate pink horse start sucking and slobbering all over it by herself. The happy expression on her face said it all."DO IT! C-CUM FOR ME! CUM DOWN MY THROAT!"Your eyes roll back and you groan in ecstacy as you feel your cock unleash several bucket-loads of creamy, thick semen. Pinkie lets out a happy moan as she swallows down mouthfuls of your cum in loud, erotic-sounding gulps. There was so much of it shooting out of you, that it was pouring out between her lips and stained the bed. Her blue eyes spoke to you exactly what she wish she could say, if her mouth wasn't stuffed with your seed."Mmmmhhh, fuck yes... Gimme all of it... *glurk, gulp, gulp...*" You sigh as your orgasms slow down to a halt, listening to Pinkie Pie gulp down the last few mouthfuls of cum steadily, filling her up and expanding her stomach slightly. You pat her fluffy mane, showing a sign of appreciation as she cleans your dick up with her velvet tongue. After a few minutes of greedy suckling, Pinkie slowly pulls her suction cup-like mouth off of you, licking her lips and giggling as she looks up at her with those sexy lidded eyes."Wowie! T-that was so delicious. Thanks for all the cream, sir! By the way... you don't mind if, uhm.... you could stay for a few more hours, do you~?END.They’ve really gone all out for this one. Big pentagram in blood, voodoo masks hanging from trees, a big tree trunk sized post hammered into the ground with a cute little poner mare shackled upright to it. Really gotta talk to these cultists.Probably shouldn’t have taken Zecora up on her offer to live in the Everfree. She promised that no one would bother you but no~ Fucking technicolour marshmallow pones will not be stopped from worshiping your suave green ass. Probably didn’t help that you fucked three out of their four goddesses into a week-long stupor. Wasn’t your fault that you hadn’t nutted in over a month when you first got here and they were shaking their asses in your face.It was No Nut November, what were you gonna do? So here you were, months later, with a literal cult following.”It’ll die down by itself, Anon!” Go Fast Eat Ass had said.”You just need a good mare to stand up to them.” The Purplest and Sexist-est horse had said.”Better you than me, dude.” The fucking lizard had said.They had a church. (Lyra’s place, no matter how much Bon Bon complained about it) They had robes. They had these weird masks/helmets that look like your head, and some bitch named Mare Ton had nailed a long ass scroll to your door titled “95 Reasons Why Monkey Dick Is Superior.”But back to the present. Looks like it’s Berry Punch this time. Nice mare, usually too drunk to hit on you, and when she isn’t she’s cool with you being a ‘strong, independent stallion who don’t need no mare.’You head out to her, trying not to step in the 'blood.' ”Hey there Berry, they got to you, huh?””Said they’d buy a dozen bottles of the good stuff for their ‘communion’ if I came out here.””Isn’t this supposed to be a ‘virgin’ sacrifice? Don’t you have a kid?””Pinch is actually my sister. I’m taking care of her because mom had her way too late in life. We actually thought it was impossible to get her pregnant at her age, call it a miracle.”You open the shackles by pinching the specially made tabs. They were made in such a way that while any creature could put them on, only someone with five digits could remove them. Anti-magic too. A poor mare had been stuck in them for three days while you were out in Fillydelphia at a Power Ponies convention with Spike because no one else wanted to go with him.The shackles open up and Berry drops into your arms. She’s a hefty little pone, the Earth ones always are, though she’s got a little flab on her that makes her extra squishy. The walk back to the house is long enough for your ‘human smell’ to get all up in Berry’s nose. You know because the ‘Sisters of The Sapient Order’ had measured it out quite precisely. It’s also why they used a paralytic venom in their ‘sacrifice's’ legs so that you would have to carry them.Berry’s flushed as you close the back door behind you. ”Do you want some dinner, Berry?” You offer her a plate of spaghetti.She takes one look at it and blanches, “Uh, no thanks Anon, I’m good.”First test completed. While it wouldn’t kill them in the amount found in sauce, tomatoes were poisonous to ponies and they won’t eat anything with tomatoes in it. Except if they were hopped up on human scent and weren’t in their right mind. But since she could recognize a situation she didn’t want any part of and refuse it that meant you were primed to get down and dirty.”So, you said no to dinner, but maybe you would like a bath? Or maybe you’d prefer… me?” Anime has stained your soul but these silly pones eat it up.Berry goes full red in the face, “Y-you?”You grin, “Me it is then~”Berry goes pomf onto your bed, red faced and starry eyed. “How about we make sure that you can’t be sent to another ‘virgin’ sacrifice, hmm?””L-lewd”“You don’t even know what that word really means, not yet~”One hand in the chest fluff. One hand in the pubic fluff. Face in belly. Aww yiss. ”A-Anon!” Some of the weaker mares have orgasmed at this point, apparently Berry is more ‘marely.’ You run your teeth along her smooth belly and she moans out. You’re convinced at this point that every pony has a predator/prey fetish. Probably the reason that Equestria is hemorrhaging mares to places like the Changeling kingdom and Griffonstone now that they’re established enough that they aren’t shitholes.Hand in the chest fluff goes up to hold her down by her neck, not actually choking her, but close enough. Hand in the public fluff goes down to begin stroking her slick and no doubt aching sex. ”A-A-A-ANON~” Yup, there she goes. Still, she lasted longer than most other ponies. She might actually be conscious when you finish.Standing up from the panting mare you step back and start unbuttoning your dress shirt. Berry can’t take her eyes off you as more and more of your chest is revealed. "Do you like what you see, Berry?”She nods. “Would you like more?”She blushes and nods. God damn you love being what is essentially a succubus in pony land. Is it really a wonder they started worshipping you? You certainly would have happily been a virgin sacrifice for a hot succubus back home. Shit, does this mean you have a cult of incels? Eh, whatever, they’re cute and most are down for casual sex. They could quit with the sexism though, really.Pants: off. Dick: out. Pony pussy: Sopping wet. Close up the hatches boys, we’re diving in deep.You’d compare the feeling of pony pussy to human pussy, if you’d ever had any of the latter. Do human women feel like half a dozen slick, soft hands massaging every inch of your length? And that little bit at the very end that when you bump into it the woman goes nuts? Being able to bottom out is pretty freaking awesome. Berry lets out a little “Ah!” every time you tap her cervix with your dick head. You stay still, hilted in Berry as she pants, moans, and writhes on your length.The cult must do something to them so that their hymen isn’t damaged during your entry, since not one of them has felt any pain since the first sacrifice. Which is good, because while slow, soft sex that would gently stretch it out instead of ripping it would be fun, it wouldn’t get you off fast enough and by the end of it you’d be fucking an unconscious ragdoll, which is most certainly not your fetish.”More, Anon, please. Fuck me.”“Of course.”You plant your lips on Berry’s and ravage her mouth as you begin fucking her, picking up pace quickly until you’re jackhammering into her, you balls slapping against her plush pony ass. Her eyes roll up into her head and her limbs spasm as they try to hold your bulk. A wet squelching sound beats out a fast rhythm as her flooding tunnel tries to suck your pistoning dick back in on every out thrust.Berry’s stopped talking, it’s all she can do to breathe through your assault on her pussy. Less than a minute in and she’s already on cloud nine. If you tried you could pound her for a full five minutes before cumming. All this sex has done wonders for your endurance. You were a bit of a quick-shot when you first arrived. Not any more. They’ll have to start sending ‘virgins’ in two at a time soon. That or you could start letting them suck you off before you start, so that you can get a head start on them.Oh, there goes Berry again. It’s like a sloppy handjob in there along with, y’know, the full pussy experience. "I’m getting close, Berry. Where do you want it?”You get to ask, since she’s still mostly coherent. ”F~fill me up! I wanna have your foals!”Silly Berry, you can’t get ponies pregnant. Still, best to give the lady what she wants. “Take it!”The feeling of you filling her womb pushes Berry over the edge and keeps her there as you rocket your warm seed into her foal hole. You pop off a rope, pull back slightly, and then slam into her cervix to shoot another one right into her while her pussy contracts around you, sucking you in as deep as you can go.Tired of holding yourself above her you roll over so that you and Berry are side-by-side. Careful not to pull out and get your bedsheets covered in your cum. The two of you rest for a bit before Berry suddenly blurts out, “I love you.”“I care for you too, Berry.”She blushes, “S-sorry, that just came out.”“Don’t worry, happens more often than you’d think. Now let’s get cleaned up and ready for a night of snuggling.”Her expression says ‘too lewd’ but her body says ‘moar plz.’ Grooming pretty ponies make monkey brain go brrrrrrrrrrrrr. Fluffy ponies make for top tier body pillows, none of that imported Japanese crap.A gentleman always makes his one night stand breakfast in the morning. If he wants her to come back, anyways. Also ponies are fucking assholes before they have breakfast. Except Pinkie, but you’re pretty sure she pops a hooffull of pop rocks every morning or something. You wave merrily to Berry as she wobbles her way down the path back to town.Later...You are an equally sore and elated and no longer virginal Berry Punch. Previously a nonbeliever. Now you’ve seen the light. Truly Anon is too pure for this world. His smile must be protected and his cock must be sucked. The Sisters are waiting in your darkened living room.“Turn on a fukin’ light ya idjits.”You smack a lamps base and it turns on, revealing the four mares who lead the cult wearing their dumb robes and weird green spherical Anon helmets. They scramble up from their game of poker and try to look like they weren’t bored waiting for you.”Berry Punch!” Twilight says, trying to disguise her voice but failing spectacularly, “You who were once among-”“Shut it you purple pain in my flank. I’ll join your order, but I want another helping of that hot monkey dick!”Twilight clears her throat, “Well, so do we all. Which is why we’re starting Phase Two early! We were hoping to get more converts first but my tests have shown that Anon’s sexual power was not, in fact, transferred to any of us during coitus.”“You mean you’re still getting shot down by any stallion who isn’t fat and desperate?””But no matter,” She ignores you, “Our big balled succubus cf will love us better than any measly stallion! We must simply show him that he needs mares in his life to protect and love him like he deserves!” The other three cultists clop their hooves politely.“And how are we going to do that?””I have a checklist!”Be an equally angry and distraught Cadence.  Kick open the door to the fancy eating place: Manger à Trois. There he is: Anon. Having a fancy dinner with Fancy Pants, Fleur de Lis, and Rarity. You can't let him do this again. Taking your glory and your job. "Anon!" Everyone in the restaurant looks up at you."I have asked you nicely, and you refused me once."I pleaded with you, and you refused me twice."I begged you and you refused me thrice!"Now I shall do what I should have done from the beginning."You step forward and push your glorious pink tuft out, "I'm going to show you why a colt shouldn't stick his hoofsies in a mare's business!""Oh ho ho." Anon says as he stands and turns to you, "Didn't I say before, Mi Amore Cadenza, that no one mare should have all that power?"Anon begins slowly walking towards you. You grin, the ゴゴゴゴ begin emanating off you in waves. "Oh? You dare to approach me?""I can't boop you if I don't get closer."He's falling right into your hooves, good. "Then come as close as you like!"With three great strides he's in front of you. "Thousand finger technique, INFINITE BOOPING! ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA!"You expertly deflect each boop with a wing or a hoof. "MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA!"The technique collapses under your impenetrable defense. "Your love of booping betrays you, Anon." You chuckle darkly. "Each attempt at a boop causes a line of love to extend from your fingers to my nose in the exact path that your hand will take. My nose is untouchable!"The music skips. Why is there boss music playing?https://youtu.be/2MtOpB5LlUA?t=223"Cadence, you fool. You may have changed the genre, but you've forgotten the setting." A cold chill runs through you. "You've forgotten, Cadence, that Friendship is Magic! YOU'VE ALREADY BEEN BOOPED!""NANI?"Suddenly a dozen lines of love criss cross across your vision as nearly every patron in the establishment is suddenly upon you, booping you snoot unrelentingly. The scrunches are so powerful that they knock you right out the door and onto your butt. Anon stands in the doorway, backlit by the expensive crystal chandeliers."I've helped each and every stallion and mare in Ponyville when I could. I consider each and every one of them my friend, and I know they feel the same. Do not be embittered by this defeat, Cadence, let it strengthen you, and when we next meet, I hope it is on the field of friendship and not in the trenches of love and war."The door closes with a boom as tears fill your eyes. "Shiny~ I got boop-ed!""Aww, honey, come here, I'll kiss it better."Damn you loved your husband.Be Anon, succubus/minor love deity in horseland. (Divine authority given by the crown. You have the paperwork and everything.) It’s weird sitting on this side of the confessional. “Confess, my child, and be forgiven.”Priests say that shit, right? This was an awful idea. ”H-hey, father?” The mare asks, “This is secret, right? You won’t tell anypony?”“It is, my child. I must act in cases where I believe that you or another are in immediate danger, but all things spoken in this booth will remain between us.””O-oh… ok.” The mare falls silent for a minute. ”I-I… I did a very bad thing…”“Did you harm someone, child?””N-no… Well, not really. Not yet.”“What did you do?””I…” She sobs, “I cheated on my herd!”You sit in stunned silence for a moment. You knew that this theoretically happened but it was very, very rare. Suicide was a bigger problem than cheating with these tiny sexist horses. This must be really serious. ”I-I didn’t mean too! It just happened! It’s not my fault! H-he came onto me! He seduced me!”“Calm, child” You wish you felt calm. “Tell me what happened, what led up to this?””I… I was in the market, doing the shopping, like I always do since everypony is so busy, and he came up to me. HE came up to ME and he was FLIRTING!” She was practically hyperventilating at this point.”He bumped his flank into mine and he said some stuff that I didn’t really listen to but he complimented my tuft! He walked home with me and since no one else was home he came in and helped me put away the groceries. Everything was fine but suddenly my face was in his balls and then I was on the couch and he was rutting me and it felt so good! I haven’t been rutted in months!” She sniffles.”He came on my face, said I was a filthy whore and walked out. I just… I just lay there for a while, but I heard my herd unlocking the door and I bolted out the back. I… I didn’t know where else to go. I remember Lyra saying something about you helping ponies so I came… here.”This one was tough, you’re no trained relationship counselor but this looks like a ‘no one is in the right’ sort of situation. “So, your herd likely knows that somepony had sex in their house while they were out, and they might know who did it.””Y-yeah.”“And unless you clean off really, really well they’ll know it was you and who the stallion is.””They probably don’t know who he is… They wouldn’t unless I didn’t wash off his cum. I-it’s hard to smell a male over the smell of a female.”“I see, so they won’t know who he is unless you tell them.””I… I don’t want to get him in trouble. It’s my mistake, I made it.”Silly poner, it takes two to tango, and unless he is nose blind and an idiot he could tell you were taken. Still, he would never be held accountable. Heck, he’d be hailed a hero, a pinnacle of masculinity for his ability to lure away a taken mare from her herd, something thought nearly impossible to do.She would be seen as worthless and disloyal. She’d probably lose her herd and not be able to find a new one. The chances of them forgiving her are about zero, which is sorta fair, you wouldn’t take back a cheater either. Sucks for her though.Better get some context. “Why do you believe you engaged in sex with this stallion, my child? Were you sexually frustrated?””Y-yes…”“Is there more than that? How has your herd been treating you?””Th-they’re great! They’re all nice, and they’re good ponies, they don’t deserve this…”“But how do they treat YOU, child. What do they ask of you, and what do they give you?””W-well, I get the groceries, and pretty much everything else. I work on the weather team so I usually have the afternoons off…”“Do you spend that time with your stallion?””N-no… He’s usually with Flitter… She’s also on the weather team.”“But you always go out to buy things? Shouldn’t you and she share this responsibility?””M-my alpha said that since F-Flitter is more fertile she should… spend more time with him…”“But let me guess, the other mares spend time with him too?””Th-they say that since I’m home early that I had my chance to spend time with him, b-but I don’t! I-I haven’t even kissed him in two weeks…” She’s sobbing openly now, “I-I just feel so-so…” She breaks down at this point, crying and sobbing. Should you go and hug her? Sobbing continues for a full three minutes. Yeah, that pone needs a hug.Stepping out of the booth attached to the side of your house you open the other door and pull out the sad pone, cuddling her close to your chest as she sobs. Rocking her gently you slowly walk into your house and begin preparing hot cocoa. Filly’s love hot cocoa.Several minutes later you are sitting across from the mare as she quietly sips her cocoa. “It sounds like you had more than one problem with your herd, my child.” She nods sadly. “How many mares are there?””S-seven.”“That’s quite a few. Herds are usually from three to five, not counting the stallion, are they not?””H-he has expensive tastes, a-and he’s worth it, I swear! H-he’s a good stallion, he’s pretty, he’s got good legs, h-he’s good in bed. He deserves the best!”“I do not doubt your stallion's worthiness, but there’s only so much time in the day. I know that your mother likely told you that a mare should be strong no matter what, but mares need love and affection too.””I-I know that…”“Did you go to your alpha about these feelings?””...Yes…”“Did she do anything about them?””...No”“It sounds to me like you weren’t really part of the herd, then. It sounds to me like you were neglected, and you felt alone, and when you reached out they didn’t reach back. Yes, you did wrong, and you must repent and atone for it as best you can, but your folly was not in your betrayal alone, but in your unwillingness to address your own needs when you felt they were unfulfilled.””I… I don’t understand.”“You were neglected, child. You asked for help, and you were refused. So when somepony came along and offered you what you thought you weren’t getting you accepted their offer. Yes, you shouldn’t have done this, but I can understand why you would do so. But now we need to decide what to do next.”She nods sadly.“You’re going to have to tell your herd what happened. You’re going to have to admit to your fault and apologize for your actions. I know that this will hurt you. I know that they will likely kick you out of the herd.“But to be quite frank, I think it might be best for you to leave that herd regardless. They are no doubt good ponies but I don’t think they can be what you need right now. Here.” You pull out a pamphlet and give it to her. “Regardless of what happens when you go back to your herd I want you to go here as soon as you can. I want you to sit down with one of their counselors and tell them everything you told me, and everything I told you.””The Cadenzian mission? Don’t you hate them?”You chuckle, “We have an… understanding. They have professionals with training that I do not. Now, don’t get me wrong, they will try to turn you mono, but you don’t need to do anything they say. Their counselors are some of the best in Equestria, and their confidentiality is guaranteed.”She nods, “Ok, Mr. Anon. I… I’ll do what you say…”“It’s the right thing, child, now finish your cocoa before it gets cold.”The manticore roars and Anon falls on his tight flank. It goes to strike but a bubble shield of amazing power rises around Anon. The manticore bounces off of it and as it falls back you blast it with your level 9 wizard bolt using all nine of Starswirl’s enhancement locking rings.The manticore runs off into the Everfree like a scared little kitten. You approach the stunned but not too hurt Anon and gently lift him to his feet. “You’re safe now, Anon.” You comfort the frightened stallion as he clings to you tuft, “You’ll always be safe with me around.””Thank you, Twilight powerful magical mare! You were right all along! I’ll move in with you right away and I’ll make you hot food for every meal just like your dad used to make and I’ll have sex with you every night because you deserve to have some stress relief from your big important studies!”“I know, I love you too Anon.”You look down on your latest revision on the Demanonicon, it was perfect. You couldn’t wait to see what additions the other members had written to be added to the book. It was getting pretty thick, they might have to start thinking about turning it into a series rather than a single holy tomb.With a happy prance you dart off to your treebrary from your favorite writing hill. When you get there, though, three of your fellow sisters are waiting for you wearing their full regalia. Is the big spherical Anon helmet still really necessary? You thought that everyone agreed that it looked silly. Oh well, some habits die hard, you guess."Girls? What’s up?"”So, check it, Chrysalis dragged her buggy butt out of the Everfree and Challenged Anon for control of his… Are we still a cult? Or are we, like, a religion now?You sigh, “We’re technically a religion but I don’t like the fact that we had to do that. It just seems a bit silly. I mean, Anon’s a great guy and he’s really helped us out, and I mean, he’s certainly got some unique abilities but I wouldn’t call them deity tier. I prefered when he was just a weird extra-dimensional succubus.””Yeah, but you heard what the stallions in town were saying. They were going to form a mob and run him out of the country! Pff, it’s not like he was going to steal away their mares or anything, but stallions can’t handle a little competition, the pansies.”You sigh, you just wanted a big balled goth cf, was that so much to ask for? Apparently it was, because the stallions of Ponyville couldn’t live with the idea of the mares they passed over getting some free loving. So in order to protect Anon you’d registered him as a deity. The conditions for being a registered living deity were pretty simple, you had to have fifty Equestrian citizens sign a form confirming that they worshipped you and you couldn’t be ‘of mortal magic.’That second clause is what stopped most creatures from becoming a deity. ‘Mortal magic’ describes almost all kinds of magic in the world, meaning that most deities are registered on the fact that they’re immortals. Anon got around this by having no magic at all, therefore he was not ‘of mortal magic.’Dash is still talking, “So, Chrysalis is challenging him for control of his religion, but guess who shows up?”Oh no. ”Cadance, that’s who! So the three of them are having a standoff over by the lake!" Time to go be a hero again, filly.Anon, Cadance, and Chrysalis stand in a triangle in the meadow, the wind rustling the grass and the leaves of the nearby copse of trees. Cadance is dressed in her finest regalia, a cape spilling over her left foreleg, her hair whipping in the wind and her face stern. Chrysalis is armored for battle, the insectoid plates of her mail giving her an even more buggy look. Her eyes dart between her two opponents, looking for the tiniest weakness.Anon wears a dozen scarves over a body stocking. Each scarf contains a rune spell and they drape his body alluringly. He has forgone the chainmail bikini that Pinkie got him, but don’t worry, she has it in her saddle bag in case he changes his mind.Cadance spoke first, “Love… is powerful. Love is the highest order of emotion that any creature can feel. It connects a mare and stallion together in a way that cannot be denied. It’s ultimate form is that of new life. Love is a union of mind, body, and soul, and that union bears fruit sweeter than any other.”Chrysalis snorts in derision, “Love… is selfish. It cares not for need, for justice, for right or wrong. Love picks someone and lies to the body and mind. It tells them that this being will not betray them. It tells them that this loved thing will not wither and die and fall to dust. Love cares only for its own voracious appetite, and punishes those who will not feed its unthinking desires, and those that feed their love should in turn be fed upon, that their folly be properly punished.”Anon looks first at Cadance, then over at Chrysalis, “Love… is infinite. It springs from a well unending. Love should be given freely and often. Given to those closest to your heart. Given to you friends. Given to your family. Given even to the pony on the street who waves to you as you pass by. Love is not diminished in its sharing, it is strengthened. To love, and to be loved, is as natural as breathing, so breathe, and live.”The opening statements are pretty powerful, if you do say so yourself. It’s a shame that it quickly devolved into name calling, strawman arguments, and ad hominem. Eventually the three of them were just screaching at each other. You expected it of Anon, he was just a colt after all, but Chrysalis was supposedly an immortal being older even than Celestia and Cadance is like an older sister to you.”All stallions are KINGS!” Cadance screams in Chrysalis’s face.”If he breathes, he’s a SLOOOOOOOT!”The pair charge at each other and start smacking each other around. You sigh in relief that magic is banned during a religious challenge, that rule enforced by a ring of magic nullifying rods sunk deep into the ground. Anon looks on with a frown of fatherly disappointment. You guess you understand why some of the newer initiates call him father, but he’ll always be your daddy~Eventually Chrysalis and Cadance separate. Cadance is bleeding from her nose and Chrysalis is dripping ichor from the side of her mouth. ”Really, ladies, hooficuffs? I thought we were better than this.””SHE started it!” Both mares insist, pointing at one another. They dissolve into bickering again. At least the mares know not to hit a stallion, even if he’s bigger than them. That’s relieving. You look over and spot Applejack standing in the crowd behind Cadance.“Hey, AJ, I didn’t know you were a Cadenzian.”AJ looks over at you, “Oh, hey there Twi, I’m not a Cadenzian, but Big Mac is an’ I gotta stand behind family, y’know?”You nodded, “I know that pain, sis, my brother’s married to her after all, and I’m pretty good friends with her.””Mite strange that you ain’t one yerself, ta be frank.”“Cadence doesn’t really push her own ideals unless somepony asks, she’s cool like that.””Wish I could say th’same. Ever since Sugar Belle moved in she’s been goin’ on about how Applebloom an I should find a nice stallion. Says we could all look after the farm together. It’s a mighty fine idea but ta be frank I don’t wanna live in the same house as ma brother ‘n’ sister for the rest of my life, y’know? An’ when I do eventually want foals I want a herd there to pick up the slack on th’ farm.”“Are you sure you don’t want to be part of the Sisterhood? Anon has helped over a dozen sisters to find herds to join. And if you still want to look for a stallion yourself he holds sexual healing days at least once a week. If you’re lucky he might even single you out for special attention!”AJ rolled her eyes, “Like I said the first time, Twi, I just think it’s wrong to deify regular folks is all. Anon’s a nice colt, but he ain’t some demon or whatnot.”“But the things he can do to a mare!””Are just his biology. You’re the scientist here, you should know that!”“B-but he was MADE for us! Can’t you see! Someone or something is looking out for us, and that thing gave us Anon, their one true son, to save us from our loneliness!”AJ sighed, “Twi, that’s the saddest thing I’ve ever heard.””I PLAY MY SHINING ARMOR IN FACE DOWN DEFENSE POSITION!” Cadance screamed, tossing Shining out in front of her, face down ass up.You did not need to see your brother’s balls, ew. Quickly hopping over to your side you see that a changeling that’s larger than the other’s is standing in front of Chrysalis and Shining is still face down ass up in front of Cadance. Ah, there’s her telekinetic grip on his neck, keeping him in that position. Your old foalsitter is one kinky bitch.Anon reaches behind him and grabs Fluttershy by her scruff. ”Buttershush, I choose you!” Tossing her forwards.Several seconds of silence follow. ”Uh, mom? What are we supposed to do now?””Defeat them!” Chrysalis shouts.”So, what, just beat them up?””Yes!””Quiet Wings, use paralyze!” Anon commands. Fluttershy mumbles out a question.THOOMA cloud of dust obscures the creatures that just landed in the center of the three feuding creatures. The still blowing wind blows the dust away to reveal Celestia in her full deific regalia. ”I received word that there was a religious dispute inside my borders. I have come to resolve the issue.””Shit! It’s the fuzz! Every man for themselves!” Anon screeched. Silly stallion, getting all bothered over a strong mare appearing. Oh shit he’s activated those scarves I gave him. Double shit he summoned his weapons. The things are massive, nearly as long as his arms. Their bright colors warn of their power, like a poison tree frog.They whine as they spool up. And suddenly the air is filled with dozens of the tiny foam darts that the weapons spit like a vampire fruit bat does apple seeds. Everything devolves from there. Pool noodles, fly swatters, and buckballs fill the air.War, war never changes. The Sister/Cadanza front is fierce. The Sister/Changeling front quickly devolves into an orgy. You want to join in, but as a commander you must abstain. For King and Cuntry. Make your foremothers proud, mare. The four deities in the center of the melee are dodging in and out of each other, slapping at each other with their pool noodles. Anon appears to be avoiding most of the damage by using his ranged weaponry. Good colt.The battle rages on for a century (of minutes), many booboos were made, but eventually, the champion stood, the rest couldn’t get her, Celestia in her sweat stained sweater. ”Now, are we ready to sit down and talk about this like adults, or do I have to get the hose?”She DID have to get the hose, but only to wash the stank off the orgy pile, and she was nice enough to warm up the water first so it was more like a communal shower.Cadence refused to give any ground but Anon eventually came to an agreement with Chrysalis with some stipulations added in by Celestia. Changelings were allowed to feed off any willing Sister at any time and Anon would give as much of his love as he could to them once a week. However, changelings were required to keep their black chitin horn visible in any form they took while on Equestrian soil to identify them. All in all, a good deal. You get all the free sex we can handle and the bugs get their love. You wonder if some of them could be taught to change into Anon.You drop some parsley into the cauldron. That’s what it is, a cauldron. It was way too big to be a pot. So big that it needed its own supports to hold it above the fire. It was also necessary.You see, gender roles are so ingrained in pony social structures that it’s considered a completely normal thing for a mare, no matter how old, to simply pop into her friend’s father’s house for dinner, or a snack, or whatever. There’s even a saying for it: “A father of one is a father to all.”So it’s no wonder that when you essentially became the guiding male force for many if not most of the mares in Ponyville that didn’t have a strong father figure in their life currently - usually because they’d moved to the growing town - that they would inevitably pop into your house for snacks, or lunch, or dinner, or some such other treat. And of course they expected you to have food cooking at all times. What stallion didn’t, after all? The only exception to that is stallions that helped with businesses.The fact that you’re out in the Everfree hardly deterred them at this point. Heck, they were talking about cobbling a small road out into the forest that would stop between your and Zecora’s houses. Maybe even refurbishing the old road to the Castle of Two Sisters.Regardless of future municipal development it came down to the fact that starting several months ago you started getting more and more visitors for meals. It was easy and even comforting to have one or two mares around for lunch or dinner, even though they were weirdos.Being king of the nerds is easy when you’re a massive nerd yourself. But soon enough your little house was full of mares at all times of the day, wanting snacks, wanting dinner, wanting headpats or tummy rubs or help trimming their tufts or just wanting some hanky panky.Some of these mares were so starved for male attention that they just wanted to be somewhere where they could just take in the smell of a male without it being weird. Fortunately they realized that you, of course, couldn’t cook for all those mares. They’d eat you out of house and home. Which is when they started bringing you ingredients when they visited. A stallion’s work is never done.So over time and with a lot of help from your mares your once-house is now a house/church/counseling center/dinner hall. Here at the back of the dinner hall is an idea that you reintroduced to the ponies: perpetual stew. Much like on earth, perpetual stew was a staple of pony towns in the middle ages and is still kept going in some of the earth pony inns around Equestria. So, whenever a mare came by for a snack she could grab a bite of the stew, and at meal times the Sisters would gather round the long U shaped table in the dining hall.The double doors to your kitchen would open wide and you and your chosen helpers for the day would wheel the big food cart out along it’s tracks, serving each of the mares and all the little buggies sitting at the table, giving each a kiss upon their brow. Then the cart would be pulled back along its track until it slotted into place at the head of the table, turning the U into an O.At dinnertime you would make the day’s announcements. Praising those young mares that had found a herd or stallion to date. Announcing work accomplishments. Reading out any help requests and asking for volunteers. Sometimes having to assign mares to help one another if needed. None of the mares here were the kind to volunteer to socialize with others. If they were, they wouldn’t be here. Then with the business of the day done you would sit down and everypony would begin to eat.It’s… nice. When it’s like this it’s like having one big family of sweaty nerds.Later it would be a very incestuous family, but hey, what guy wouldn’t want to drown in pussy? One that wasn't you, that’s who. Good thing they’re not here, huh? Dinner tonight was a delightful cajun-ish style chili with garlic bread. (weaker garlic butter for the pones because they can only handle so much)The sounds of eating, talking and laughing fill the hall. To your left Pinkie Pie talks with Fluttershy about a riveting game of horseshoes that she was the referee for. To your right Twilight and Dash talk about a book series that Dash has recently picked up. Seems like Twilight was finally able to get Dash to read something that isn’t Daring Do.Further down the table Lyra and Bon Bon are talking to Octavia, Lyra gesticulating wildly as she often does. You’re not entirely sure why those three joined the Sisters, since you’re pretty sure Lyra, at least, is gay.About halfway through dinner the small door that led to the kitchen opened and in walked Spike, coming around to stand between you and Twilight, “Got a letter about an hour ago, one for you, Twilight, and one for you, Anon. Marked yellow with a gold stripe for medium urgency reader’s eyes only.””Hmm,” Twilight hummed as she picked up her letter, “Probably some sort of non-imminent threat.”You crack open your own letter. Dear Anonymous,I hope this missive finds you and your Sisters well. There is a rather important problem occurring right now in the Crystal Empire. Nopony’s lives are in danger, which is why I’m writing to you and Twilight both rather than simply gathering the Elements and heading up there myself.Do you remember the tale of Nightmare Moon? I’m sure you do, it’s when my sister was consumed by sadness and attempted to plunge the world into eternal night. Well, you see, I’m afraid something similar has happened to my dear niece Cadance. After several days with no news from the Crystal Empire I sent a fast messenger to inquire about the state of the Empire.The messenger returned with concerning tidings.The ponies of the Crystal Empire fill the streets in an unending festival of carnality. Mares drink spirits until they fall down. Stallions eat cakes with no regard for their weight. The pleasure houses have filled to capacity and stallions whore themselves out on the streets.All this under the banner of Empress Decadance.Even as you read this Twilight should be gathering the Elements of Harmony.But I would like you to try to help her first, if you would be so kind. Know that I would not ask this of you if I believed that you would be in danger, but the nature of Cadance’s corruption leads me to believe that she won’t harm you or anyone if she can help it.In her corrupted state Cadance’s attachment to her Domain is weakened. This means that, should someone of a similar domain defeat her they would be able to disconnect her from her goddesshood.By defeating her I do mean that she must fall unconscious due to exhaustion, magical or physical, and you would need to put your hands upon her. At that point the power should flow into you.I would like you to do this for me, Anon, and for her. Cadance does not deserve to live on forever while the stallion she loves, the only stallion I believe she will ever love, passes on.By taking her domain from her you will render her a mortal alicorn like her daughter.But this would mean becoming immortal yourself. I know that this is much to ask of you, and if it is too much, you needn’t do as I ask. The Elements will no doubt purify her as they did my sister.I ask on behalf of Cadance, who cannot. I believe that with your outlook you can love and lose, and love again. I do not believe that Cadence can.Please, help the one who is like a daughter to me in a way that I cannot.I shall respect your decision, whatever it may be,CelestiaYou look up, the table is silent, everypony looking at you. Twilight has already darted out of the hall. “Well, ladies, it appears that the crown has asked us to help with a situation. Our dear friend Cadance has had a bit of trouble in the Crystal Empire and needs to be set back on the straight and narrow. So, who’s up for a crusade?”Silence reigns for several seconds before Roseluck raises her hoof, “What’s a crusade?”You pause. You’d gone over Equestrian history. Nowhere in there is mentioned the idea of a crusade. “Does anypony here know what a crusade is?”They all shake their heads. “But you have the cutie mark crusaders!”Moondancer huffs, “We know what crusaders are, Anon, like the Stardust Crusaders. It’s just another word for adventurer. So I guess a crusade is just another word for an adventure?”Huh, perhaps it’s a word left over from a time before Equestria? But shouldn’t any language that old have changed to the point where such a word would be unrecognized? Whatever. “Yeah, it’s like an adventure, but religious. It’s usually about beating up other religions because you think they’re wrong.”The mares look uncomfortable at that idea, “I don’t want to hurt people, especially over something as silly as what goddess they like best.”“Hey, hey, that’s just what the word means. What we’re really going to be doing is going up to the Crystal Empire to talk some sense into Cadance. I’m mostly taking you girls mares with me to keep me out of trouble.”Now THAT is something they can get behind. In under a day you, the Elements of Harmony, and about twenty Sisters are on an express train to the Crystal Empire. It was… exactly like Celestia said. Debauchery in the streets. You didn’t see a pony that wasn’t rutting for the first fifteen minutes you were there, and the one you did see was passed out in a pool of their own vomit. Even the normally horny and down-for-anything mares of your Sisterhood were weirded and grossed out by the sight. That is, until you start getting close to the center. Mares would split off from the group, stepping into buildings that smelled of pastries, or alcohol, or sex. None of you notice, focused on your destination like you are, until it’s just you, the Elements, Lyra, and Bon Bon.The doors to the palace are ajar, a butler lying half in half out of the doors as the guards go to town on him. You pass without a word. He didn’t look to be in pain, and you can better help him by stopping this at the source. The palace is dark. Unidentifiable sticky puddles of what was once liquid dot the ground. The echo’s of pleasure, and pain, can be heard faintly in the halls. At the end of the long entry hallway are the doors to the throne room. Light spills out around the edges along with the muffled sounds of sex. No doubt Decadence is putting Shining through his paces in there.“You girls ready?” A chorus of ‘yes’s. The mares go ahead of you and push open the doors. The scene is both expected and unexpected.Shining is definitely being put through his paces. He appears to be suspended by a cirque du soleil harness and is bobbing and waving high in the air. Around him, either on harnesses or floating on wings or magic are half a dozen mares. They perform a frankly beautiful dance of bodies, but inevitably Shining’s cock get stuffed somewhere.There, lounging on the throne, is Decadance. Her transformation has left her both beautiful and terrible. Her fur is nearly black, with only a tiny hint of the pink it was before. Under her eyes are darker lines making tear tracks. Her hair billows around her in an ethereal wind like her aunts. She wears a shimmering night dress, strategic parts of it sequined with crystals while her petral, crown, and shoulders are gold, accented with crystal hearts.She turns to you, and her gaze is like a hundred breaking hearts, “Ah, the Elements of Harmony, and Anon. I’ve been expecting you, or Chrysalis, to show up for a couple days now.””Memo’s don’t travel as fast as I do, but don’t worry, I’ll make up for lost time by kicking your but faster than you can say, ‘oops all Dashie.’”Decadance smiles and stands, “Oh, I don’t think there’ll be any butt kicking going on here, unless you ask really nice~”“Now now, Cadance, or Decadance, if you prefer, there’s no need to be catty.””You’re right. By now you’re all well and truly under the effect of the Crystal Heart. The fact that you aren’t rutting yourselves senseless right now is a testament to your fortitude.” She’s right. You’ve been rock hard ever since entering the city. The mares in front of you are drooling and winking. The smell is intoxicating.If you didn’t think she’d stab you with her horn while you were distracted you’d probably be plowing your mares right now. You might have a fear boner, but it was still fear that drove you. "Y’know, candy ass, old Papanon gave me some advice, some very good advice, and I’d like to share it with you.” You begin to stride towards Decadance as she slowly walks toward your group. As you pass in front of your mares you look back to see glazed eyes. They’re barely aware of what’s happening.”Do tell me, Anon. It’ll probably be the last coherent thoughts you have before my divine pussy is wrapped around that toothpick you call a cock.”You grimace, “He said to me, ‘Son, one day some hoe is gonna step out of line. Hoes do that sometimes. They get off track, and they need someone to set them straight. So you keep that pimp hand strong, son. You keep it strong and when that hoe steps out of line you put here right back where she needs to be.’ And I have, Decadence, I’ve kept my pimp hand strong, allow me to show you.”You bring your arm up and backhand Decadance across the face as hard as you can. Pain shoots through your hand as one of your knuckles is cut on her teeth. Decadance’s head snaps around hard and she wobbles a bit before steadying. She looks up at you, her lip bleeding. She licks away the blood and some of the lipstick, spitting it onto the floor in a red and purple glob.“Impressive. My turn.” With a swing of her head she telekinetically grabs you and slams you into the wall, hard. Your vision goes blurry and dim as the back of your head hits the crystal and bounces off.Decadance releases you immediately and you fall to the floor, vomiting your guts up. She turns away from you as your mares break out of their trance and rush to your side, “I don’t like hurting colts, you know.” She gazes up at Shining, “I want them to be loved, and pleasured, and I want each of them to find their place. I don’t care if it’s in the kitchen, or the bedroom. Heck, I don’t mind if they run a business or, fuck, they can run for office for all I care, so long as they’re taken care of, loved, and are doing what makes them happy.”With Twilight’s help you’re half on your feet and wobbling, “J-just stay down, Anon,” Twilight’s voice is shaking, “We’ll take care of her. You were never supposed to get hurt.”You were in way over your head. You should probably let Twilight handle this, but Celestia’s message rings in your mind. This is the only chance Cadance might have for a truly happy life. Fuck, it’s so hard to imagine that dying is the happier option, but to be honest, if you had someone you loved? The thought of living forever without them sucks. But YOU could get over that. If Celestia thought that Cadance couldn’t? You’d believe Sunhorse.Decadance keeps talking, “I thought I was enough, you know? I was the princess of love. That doesn’t mean sex, Anon, in case you were wondering. Been there, tried that, failed. No, I’m the princess of LOVE. The kind of love that connects people, truly and deeply. And not just romantic love either. I can help the love between friends, between parents and children, between siblings, Tartarus, between pets and their owners even!”Decadance spins around to face your group, “But I wasn’t enough, was I? I was never enough. Chrysalis has been in the love game since before Celestia was born, and you! You show up and in just a couple months find solutions to problems I didn’t even know existed! I spend half my time awake trying - and failing! - to run a kingdom literally kept warm by love. I spend half my time trying my best to be a good love deity and mend the hearts of every pony I can. Half my time doing my best to help take care of my daughter, and half my time trying to be a good wife to my husband! See any problems with that?” She hisses this last part out, stepping menacingly toward you.“That’s four halves.” Twilight Dorkle points out unhelpfully.”EXACTLY!” Decadance’s voice pushes us back with its power. That’s hot. No, boner, shut up, we’re in a final battle. A sexy final battle. ”And it turns out I wasn’t enough for my husband either…” Decadance spits out. She strides back to her throne, her ass waving back and forth hypnotically. ”I think we’re done here. You should retreat, you look like you might need to find a doctor, Anon. Head wounds are serious things.”You don’t want to leave, but you’re woozy and your mares practically drag you out. The Elements are too worried about you to try blasting the corrupted alicorn. You don’t remember much of the next few hours. You’re pretty sure that Twilight put up some sort of barrier around the hospital and most of the mares with you were rescuing those in the worst state from the streets.You regain awareness with the dawn. The only pony in the room with you is Lyra who appears to be doing a crossword. You grunt and Lyra perks up, “Hey there big guy! You had us worried there for a bit. Doc said you had a minor concussion, says you need bed rest and nothing exciting to happen, but I can see by your expression that that isn’t going to be happening.”You smile and sit up, ouch, there’s the headache. “Don’t worry too much, I’m not planning on fighting an alicorn, if that’s what you’re worried about. Why are you here and not one of the others?”Minty pone smiles sheepishly, “Turns out playing a lap harp doesn’t exactly train your magic or your muscles for dragging drunk mares into hospital rooms.”You chuckle at the pudgy poner, “I know the feel. Worked in an office doing ‘data entry’ for a year. I think I was half fat by the time I left for my warehouse job.”She sticks her head out the window and lights off with some magical fireworks, probably calling the girls back. When she looks back at you she looks thoughtful, “You don’t talk a lot about your life before you came to Equestria.”You shrug, “It was ok, but not great. Didn’t have a lot of people I liked. My family was cool but not all that supportive. I was saving up to go to college since I didn’t want to spend half my life working off student loan debt. I had work buddies, but no real friends. To be honest? I was relieved when I came here. Sure this was all new but I felt… stuck, in my old life. Like I was working toward a goal I didn’t even want.””Sounds sucky.” Lyra sums up your life in one word.You laugh a bit and wince at the headache. “Yeah, that’s one way to put it. Guess it took becoming a technical god for me to get my life together and figure out what I want.””And what do you want, dear?” Rarity asks.You smile at your friend, “I want to help ponies. I want to make a difference, and I want things to be better when I leave them than when I found them, and I want to be appreciated for it, can’t forget that. I’m not doing this shit for free, yo. I want cuddles, and I want to be told at the end of the day that I did a good job.””Sounds like you want friends.” Twilight entered the room grinning.You chuckle, “That’s your answer to everything, isn’t it?”“We’ll stop usin’ it when it stops workin’.” Applejack retorts as she comes to stand by your bed. “Had us real worried there, partner.”You wave away her concern, “I’m fi~ne, I’m fine. But I assume you’ve made a big friendship plan while I’ve been out of commission?””Yeah, Twilight teleports us in behind her and we blast her with the elements!” Rainbow Dash exclaims.areyouserious.pone“That sounds like the opposite of a friendly plan.””It worked on Nightmare Moon!” Twilight defends.“She was infected with a magical dream parasite, and before that she got stuck on the moon for a thousand years.””It worked on Discord!”“It turned him to stone, do you really want to do that to Cadance?””Erm, it worked on Sombra?”“Literally disintegrated his body.”Twilight puffed her cheeks out cutely, “Well if you’re so smart, mr. smartflank, what do you suggest?”“How about we talk to her?””Were you not there when we tried that, Sugarcube? I c’n understand if you don’t remember because you got tossed into a wall.”“No, I remember, and that wasn’t talking. We were making dumb action movie quips at each other and she was monologuing. It was when I hit her that things went south. I’m pretty sure that if we don’t, y’know, fight her she’s not going to fight us, that’s just not her M.O.””Oh, c’mon! That’s so colty! We’re not going to de-evil Cadance by talking about our feelings!” Dash was doing what you call ‘lounge flying’ up near the ceiling.You waggled your finger at her, “Somepony clearly wasn’t paying attention. Cadance, or Decadance, whatever, basically told us what the problem is. She’s overworked, underappreciated, and she feels like she isn’t a good wife to Shining. It’s pretty clear that we have a situation where the world's best marriage counselor needs marriage counseling.””Bo~ring! Can’t we just beat her up? I’m better at that, and it’d be cathartic! That bitch tossed our Anon into a wall! That’s the complete opposite of awesome... Awful, awful is the opposite of awesome.”“Thank you, Reading Rainbow, but I don’t think we’re going to be able to blast Cadance back to normal. The elements would probably just stick her on the moon or whatever celestial body represents love or something.”Twilight ponders what celestial body that would be for a moment before shaking her head, “Well, what do you suggest then? The Elements are kind of our go-to for this sort of thing.”You chuckle, “I dunno, Sparks. D’you think we could, like, talk her out of it?””I dunno, Anon, ponies don’t just stop being evil…” Twilight hedged.“Well, it’s not like we’re on a time limit.””Anon,” Appljack interrupts, “We’ve dragged over a dozen mares into this here hospital for drinkin’ too much, if this goes on much longer ponies are going to either get alcohol poisoning, or they’re gonna run out of alcohol, and I don’t know which is worse.”“Mmm, so how about this. We go back and talk with Cadance, and if we can’t convince her to at least drop this whole hedonism field she’s got going on you can blast her?”The faces of the mares scrunch, “No offence to your ‘manliness’ Nonny, but you aren’t ever going back into that castle. Ever.” Pinkie Pie insists.You sighed, you knew this would be a problem. “It’ll be hard to talk to her if I can’t see her.”“You got a concussion, Anon.” Twilight goes full lecture mode, “You should consider yourself lucky it wasn’t worse, because it could have been. Cadance could have thrown you hard enough to break bones. Anon, she could have killed you, and she still might.”“But she didn’t. Girls, if she wanted me seriously hurt or dead I would be. And remember that I hit her first.””Doesn’t matter.” Rarity butted in, “A lady never hits a colt! Even the royal guards don’t get hurt that often, and their job is to be on the front lines!”“Listen, listen. I understand your misgivings, but if you’ll remember princess Celestia asked me to take Cadance’s goddesshood from her so that she and Shining can grow old together. I can’t very well do that if I’m all the way over here when she agrees to stand down.”More nose scrunching. Mares hate it when a stallion backs them into a corner. With much cajoling and promises to stay safe and let the mares take the lead you eventually arrive back at the palace before noon. With some jostling and positioning and a false start by Rarity we’re eventually in place for your dramatic entrance. Twilight gave the signal; Pinkie and Applejack bucked the doors open with a deafening SLAM.We strode in like badasses. Rarity and Twilight up front. Fluttershy and Rainbow above. Lyra and Bon Bon behind you.“Decadance, I’ve come to bargain!” The effect was completely lost on the inhabitants though, as they had all been asleep until the door had slammed open. In a cuddle pile in the center of the floor were the exhausted bodies of Shining Armor and the mares that had been pleasuring him last night. On the floor in front of her throne, sleeping on a few pillows is Decadance. All the ponies in the room spook up into standing positions and dart their heads around until they are all looking at your group.“Ahem, DECADANCE, I’VE COME TO BARGAIN!” The ponies wince, many of them holding their heads, almost all of them run out the side doors of the room. Shining just lays back down and goes back to sleep. Decadance stares at you with bags under her eyes, though it’s hard to see with the dark coat and eye liner.”Fuck off.”Hmm, she didn’t seem to be in a bargaining mood, but she did seem to be mentally and physically exhausted. Maybe you could steal her power now? “So you surrender?””Fuck… Off.” She says it slowly, like you’re an idiot. Well, she can’t stop you because you can’t read! Or, hear, or whatever. Your little group slowly approaches the irate BBEM.“Why don’t you drop the whole ‘dionysus in pony form’ shtick Cadance, it’s not you.””Why don’t you just fuck right off the end of my hoof, Anon? I do what I want.””Hey! You can’t talk to him like that!” Rainbow attempts to ‘defend your honor.’”Didn’t you just hear, I do what I want! Go suck a dick so you can say that you mom was wrong you fucking dyke!””That’s it! I’m smakin’ her!” Dash zipped at Decadance, swinging wildly, only for Decadance to grab Dash in her telekinetic grip and slam the blue speedster against the floor.”Anypony else think they can smack me?”Shit, mares can’t resist a challenge like that. Rarity, Twilight, and Lyra all encase Decadance in bubble shields. Then Twilight merges the three shields into a single shimmering sphere that begins to contract around Decadance. With a snarl energy radiates off Decadance, slamming into the shield around her.WHUMPH…WHUMPH…WHU-CRASHThe shield flies apart and the screams of three unicorns fill the air as Twiggles, Minty, and Rarara clutch their horns. Fluttershy swoops down but before she can get her stare off she’s surrounded by a bubble of blackness. The bubble curves around until it bumps into a wall. Out of the darkness comes a quiet, “I’m ok.”Decadance steps toward you and your earth pony guard arrays themselves in front of you. “Why can’t you just leave? I’m not even hurting anyone. I’m giving them what they want. Who are you to deny them? To deny ME?””We’re the ponies that are going to stop you.” Applejack looks like she’s about to charge.“And take my power, right?” Decadance sneers at your look, “Oh don’t look so shocked, auntie’s dragonfire letters are easier to intercept than the royal post. I knew she’d send for the Elements. To be honest I though fatass over here,” She waves a hoof at Pinkie, “Would take one sniff of my aura and dive head first into a food coma to rival a dragon’s hibernation. I didn’t count on you, though, Anon.”Decadance spits, “Take from me the power that I EARNED. The horn that I worked my ASS off for. I got here through hard work, and you’re just going to take it, like you take everything.” Her words fall into a growl, “It’s your fault. It’s Your fault. It’s. YOUR. fault…”And now you’re here, to take the last thing I have left.”Decadance was crying now, and her tears drew black tracks down her cheeks. “I won’t let you. I’ll kill you first.”The three mares in front of you stiffened. No pony in their right mind, and most in their wrong mind would never even consider murder.”Anon, you need to go, NOW!” Applejack screamed back at you before charging Decadance. It was no more ms nice mare anymore. Decadance detonated, a shockwave of air and magic pushing everyone away from her, the magic lacerating everyone in the room, including Shining Armor who had slept through everything to that point.The throne room was filled with hisses and moans of pain. The cuts weren’t deep enough to be serious but everyone was bleeding. Decadance was crying and twitching, her head trying to turn toward Shining as he swore like a sailor. Eventually Shining’s head looked over at the group, a small cut on his nose bleeding. He looks like hell. His eyes are glazed, he pretty clearly has a massive hangover since he winces at the slightest sound.He doesn’t say anything. You’re not even sure if he’s conscious. ”Go to our bedroom, Shiny… I’ll patch you up when I’m done with these…” Shining nods his head languidly and slowly strides out of the room. He leaves behind a drop or two of blood. Silence reigns.Decadance is visibly shaking, trying to psyche herself up to keep fighting you. You stride forward quickly and grasp her by the horn. She stares into your eyes, terrified and broken. For a second that lasts an eternity nothing happens. And then you feel it. Her power, her Domain. You can feel it as it pulls toward you. You can almost hear the roots of it snapping as they begin detaching from Decadance.She digs her hooves into the ground and pulls back but you hang on. After a second she stops resisting. She’s got that look, the look of the villain who’s accepted their death because they know they’re in the wrong. You smile, right genre, maybe, but wrong setting, just like you forgot earlier. You let go of her horn before her Domain can be transferred into you.“Not today, Candy Ass. We’re going to talk. Properly, like adults. You’re going to tell me what's wrong and we’re going to work on a solution, or at least something you can do to work through whatever’s gotten you to this point.”Decadance grimaces, “I should turn you to stone. I could, you know, autie Celestia taught me how.”“You’re not going to, or you wouldn’t have told me that.”There’s silence for several second, before, “I’m going to go tend to Shiny’s cuts. You can join me, or you can fuck off. I don’t care anymore.”She trudges out of the room. You look around. All the girls are back on their feet. They’re arrayed around in such a way that they all had angles of attack if Decadance had tried to attack you. They’re all also bleeding from small cuts.“Anyone got any bandages?”About an hour later you’re all arrayed outside the royal bedchambers, bandaged up thanks to Fluttershy’s expertise in treating wounds. The doors open and Decadance is loafing on her bed with Shining asleep beside her. She looks up at you. “So, how are we going to do this?”You pause. You had no idea. At this point you’d recommend that she go to a Cadenzian counselor. Doesn’t really work in this situation. "Twilight!””Yes?” She yelped.“What do we do?”Twilight.exe is processing request… ”Identify the problem!” She eventually blurts.”I hate everything and everyone.” Decadance deadpans.“Ow the edge.” You deadpan, “We both know that’s bullshit, Cadance. Your ‘evil’ monologue specifically said that you were overworked.””So I’m a bit overworked. I can handle it. Mares handle it all the time!”“You’re trying to run a country, take care of your husband, take care of your daughter, and play matchmaker for the country that you’re running. Three out of the four of those are full time jobs. Maybe even all four since you don’t have any herd sisters to help you with your husband.”Decadance goes fucking ballistic, “I DON’T NEED ANY FUCKING HERD SISTERS! I’M MORE THAN MARE ENOUGH FOR MY HUSBAND YOU FUCKING SLUT!”A moment of silence. “I think we found the problem.”Decadance’s eyes shone with fury, then with sadness, before hardening to cool stone, “Shining suggested that we try herding… I wasn’t enough for him…”You look over at Twilight, whose eyes are wide, then at the other mares, who seem similarly shocked. “So what did you tell him?”Decadance snarled, “I didn’t let him finish the thought. Fucking colt wanted to cuckold me, fine. I gave him everything he wanted, and more. Then I gave everypony else what they wanted too. I’m not a selfish mare, you know.”A thought strikes you. “And where is Flurry Heart?”The thought turns every mare's eyes in the room wide at your question. Decadance growls at you. “She’s with her grandparents in Canterlot, same as every other underage pony in the Empire. I’m a villain, not a monster, Anon.” That’s a relief.“Well, it’s good to know that you didn’t lose your common sense when you lost your pigment.””I hope you’re aware that stabbing you is still an option.”“Oh, I’m very aware.” You say as you grab a chair from Shinings makeup table, “Is this seat taken? No? Good.” You sit down. The mares in the room bar one arrange themselves in seated positions around and in front of you.“So I don’t suppose you can tell me WHY Shining Armor, the most devout Cadenzian I know besides you, would suggest herding.””Why does any stallion want extra mares? Because the mare they have isn’t enough for them, doesn’t love them enough, doesn’t care for them enough. Isn’t good enough…”You snort, “I know you don’t believe those horseapples. I bet AJ here can smell it.” You nudge orange poner with your foot.”Don’t you bring me inta this. This is stallion business, We’re just here ta keep you safe, Sugarcube.”You roll your eyes as Decadance answers you, “I can believe whatever I want, and it doesn’t matter besides. I gave him what he wanted. I gave the entire empire what they wanted. Before, I wasn’t enough, now I am.”You sit in silence for a moment, just absorbing how stupid what she just said was. “You ARE aware that you’ve not achieved literally ANY of your goals, right?” Decadance twitched.“Your Empire is in shambles with ponies puking their guts out in the streets. To the point where dozens of them are currently in the hospital for nearly getting to the point of alcohol poisoning. You’ve completely dropped the matchmaker business, considering everyone is fucking and no one is dating. You sent Flurry Heart away, so good luck being a good mom, and Shining is drugged out of his mind on your weird aura. Which reminds me, why aren’t we affected by that weird aura?”All the mares around you look at you like you’re an idiot. Twilight turns to you with an exasperated sigh, “Anon, we went over this on the way here, that pin you’re wearing creates a field of energy that interrupts magical effects that target the mind! We developed it after Cadance’s wedding to stop changelings from replacing people!”You look down at the little amethyst gemstone pinned to your shirt, “Oh!... I wasn’t paying attention.”Every mare in the room started grumbling about idiot stallions. Well, at least they’re all agreeing on something.You try to get back on track, “So, you see, this whole ‘turning into an embodiment of hedonism’ thing isn’t really working for you.”Decadance stares into your eyes for a moment, then she looks over at Shining. “I still have my husband with me. He gets what he wants and I get to keep his heart all to myself.” Her eyes pierce yours, “That is enough.”You breathed in through your nose, and out through your mouth. Of course she wasn’t going to be reasonable. Of course she wasn’t just going to go: you’re right Anon, I’ll stop being evil now. Time to pull out the big guns. ”Cadance, if you don’t drop your ‘fuck me hard’ aura I’m going to go back to Canterlot, tell Celestia what you did, and have her take Flurry Heart away from you.”Rage, sudden and potent, flashes across her face. You dart forward and slap Decadance hard across the face. Not as hard as that pimp slap earlier, but hard enough for it to sting your palm. “You already sent her away.” You hiss, “You KNOW that she shouldn’t be around you when you’re like this. So you’re going to be a reasonable mare and QUIT BEING A LITTLE BITCH and you’re going to drop the aura, let Shining go from whatever magic he’s under, and we’re going to TALK about this like REASONABLE ADULTS! DO. YOU. UNDERSTAND?”There were tears in Decadance’s eyes, but she nodded slowly. Behind you you heard the mares say, “Unf.” Which really took away from the moment of your triumph, but that’s ok.After that you really didn’t have to do much. Twilight announced a minute later that Decadence's aura had disappeared. Some of the mares were fidgeting, and you were eventually able to convince them to leave you with only two guards while the rest went out to help the ponies in the city.Shining slowly came back to his senses, and he and Cadance began to talk. Well, they began to argue. Shining was hysterical, as you would expect after being mind controlled and fucked stupid by five mares while hanging in the air. Decadance still thought that he was trying to replace her, or taint their love or whatever. Shining is eventually able to convince her that he was just worried about her. There just isn’t enough time in the day to be a prince, a father, and a guard captain. He needed help, and he could see that she needed help. The solution seemed obvious, a herd sister or two would provide the emotional and physical support they both needed.Decadance breaks down in his forlegs, telling him about her insecurities and fears as well as how she’ll outlive him and their daughter, and how she wants to do everything she can while they’re still in her life. He reassures her that she’ll always be marely enough for him. How she’s not only not inadequate as a wife but a hundred times better than any marefriend he’s ever had. (which is just the one back in highschool, but it’s the thought that counts.)You’re pretty sure that everything is all over except the credits rolling, but you stick around just in case. Eventually, in the waning light of day, Decadance approaches you. “So, did you sort things out?”Decadance nods, “I think we’re going to be ok.”“Still look evil, though.”Another nod, “I think we both know what has to happen next. I fell from grace.” She shakes her head, “And even if I hadn’t… I never wanted this. I’m a small town matchmaker and fate decided to make me a goddess. I don’t want to be responsible for everypony else’s happiness. I can barely keep my own heart together. I think I’m done with this, Anon. Take it from me, please?”Decadance reaches out her hoof, holding it up like her Goddesshood sits in her frog. Slowly, you reach out. Godhood. You’d have power. Magic, like your little ponies. Immortality. You use your fingers to roll her hoof backwards, like you would if you were closing someone’s fingers around the thing they were offering you. The gesture doesn’t translate well and Decadance looks confused. “I don’t want to be a god any more than you do. Maybe… Maybe there’s some way to share it?”Decadance chuckles, “We can try.”A light fills the room, its center the point where the two of you are connected and spreading through your bodies. You feel the power again. By now its roots in Decadance are almost non-existent, and the last few fall away. There, between you is the power of the God of Love, and like mitosis it slowly stretches out, the deeper light in the center splitting and pulling apart, until where there was once one great light and two beings of light there are now two beings of light into which two smaller lights flow.The power settles over the two of you like a mantle, a mantle that you know instinctively can be passed on. No need for immortality, and it comes with a built in counter in that there are two of you. When the light fades the two of you are changed. In front of you sits a pretty pink pegasus. Sure, her coat is still a bit darker, and her mane and tail have streaks of deeper colour and her magenta eyes have a tiny corona of blood red, but it’s Cadance, not Decadance. When you look in a mirror you see that your hair and skin shine healthier than they ever have before. You smile, friendship is magic, after all.You spend the next week helping put the Empire back together. Nopony died, thank the stars, but many had to be hospitalized or put into therapy. There was even talk of just memory wiping everyone so that they forgot what they did, but it was decided that that option would be used on a case by case basis.Eventually you and your mares were on the train home. ”Well, the only thing that’s left is a friendship report to finalize everything.” Twilight smiled up at you, a quill and scroll in her magic.You sigh, “Really, Twilight?”She beams, “Really really, it’s on the checklist and everything!”“Fine… uhhh… Talk about your problems?”Twilight scrunches, “You can do better than that.”“Hmmm… Ask for help?””Already got that one.””Bullshit, if it being new was a criteria then Fluttershy would only have one lesson!””H-hey!” Fluttershy interjects, before continuing softly, “I don’t need to re-learn it every time… I just need to be reminded, is all.””You could always do what I did when I couldn't think of a lesson and just say ya didn’t learn nothin’.” Applejack adds and you laugh.“You can do that?””Princess Celestia ain’t never chewed me out for it like my granny woulda, that’s fer sure.”“Haha, ok, let’s do that.“Dear Princess Celestia,“I didn’t learn shit because I’m the best. Fuck you, raise the sun later in the day, "Anon!”Twilight gives you an indignant stare, “I’m not writing that. C’mon, there has to be a friendship lesson here somewhere.”“Twi, there’s half a dozen friendship lessons in here. Don’t take on more work than you can handle. Talk to your friends and spouse about your feelings and problems. Take vacations and time for yourself. Listen to your friends and spouse, especially when they say something that makes you mad because they probably aren’t trying to hurt you. If you ARE angry, think about why and ask yourself if you know for sure if the thing that’s making you made is actually TRUE and not something you came up with yourself. I’m sure there’s more.”Twilight finishes writing. “Good enough for me. I’ll get off in Canterlot and take this one to her myself, I haven’t visited in a long time.”You smile and lay back on your bench. You were once a simple man with a simple job. Then you came to Equestria and tried to stay that way. The universe and these little marshmallow horses had other plans, so you became a priest, and then a god. Now you have real power, and a drive to help them as they have helped you to find a place among them.Life is good, and it’ll get better from here.You smile in a way you never could have before, and the power of love flows through you.